capital = 267
oob = "AFG"
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    limited_exports
    
}
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.25
country_event = {
    id = afg.0
    days = 33
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 1
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 1
    social_liberal = 1
    market_liberal = 3
    social_conservative = 14
    authoritarian_democrat = 11
    paternal_autocrat = 47
    national_populist = 22
    
}
recruit_character = AFG_amanullah_khan
recruit_character = AFG_habibullah_kalakani
recruit_character = AFG_mohammad_nadir_khan
recruit_character = AFG_wali_khan
recruit_character = AFG_mohammad_daoud_khan
recruit_character = AFG_nasrullah_khan
recruit_character = AFG_mahmud_khan
recruit_character = AFG_mohammad_ghobar
recruit_character = AFG_abdul_hadi_dawi
recruit_character = AFG_mohammad_hashim_khan
recruit_character = AFG_mohammad_gul_khan_momand
recruit_character = AFG_inayatullah_khan
recruit_character = AFG_ali_ahmad_khan
recruit_character = AFG_faiz_mohammad_khan_zikeria
recruit_character = AFG_mohammad_yusuf
recruit_character = AFG_abdul_ahad_wardak
recruit_character = AFG_abdul_majid_zabuli
recruit_character = ARG_sher_khan_nashir
activate_advisor = AFG_nasrullah_khan_sic
AFG_amanullah_khan = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
AFG_habibullah_kalakani = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
AFG_mohammad_nadir_khan = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
