capital = 44
oob = "ALB"
set_convoys = 5
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    ALB_polarised_nation_idea
    ALB_illiteracy
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1932.6.12"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 4
    social_democrat = 38
    social_liberal = 7
    market_liberal = 4
    social_conservative = 42
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 3
    
}
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_ali_kelmendi
recruit_character = ALB_avni_rustemi
recruit_character = ALB_fan_noli
recruit_character = ALB_xhafer_ypi
recruit_character = ALB_shefqet_verlaci
recruit_character = ALB_ahmet_zogu
recruit_character = ALB_luigj_bumci
recruit_character = ALB_eshref_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_wilhelm_zu_wied
recruit_character = ALB_luigj_gurakuqi
recruit_character = ALB_ibrahim_karbunara
recruit_character = ALB_mehdi_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_prishtina
recruit_character = ALB_fejzi_alizoti
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_muharrem_bajraktari
recruit_character = ALB_elez_isufi
recruit_character = ALB_azem_galica
recruit_character = ALB_hermann_kirchner
recruit_character = ALB_stefan_maliko_goges
recruit_character = ALB_ali_shefqet_shkupi
recruit_character = ALB_gustaf_von_myrdacz
recruit_character = ALB_kadri_rustem_bardulla
recruit_character = ALB_spiro_moisiu
recruit_character = ALB_bajram_fevziu
recruit_character = ALB_mujo_ulqinaku
