capital = 606
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = industrial_complex
    level = 1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 3
    social_liberal = 4
    market_liberal = 10
    social_conservative = 9
    authoritarian_democrat = 33
    paternal_autocrat = 41
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ideas = {
    ANQ_righteous_cause
    ANQ_anti_concessionist_militias
    ANQ_credibility_idea
    limited_exports
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = credibility_factor
    value = 60
    
}
anq_recalculate_chens_credibility = yes
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = ANQ_credibility_dynamic_modifier
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_kmt_unrest_level = -1
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_yiguandao_unrest_level = -1
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_nanjing_integration_cost = 110
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_nanjing_integration_speed = 120
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_jiangsu_integration_cost = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_jiangsu_integration_speed = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_jiangxi_integration_cost = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_jiangxi_integration_speed = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_zhejiang_integration_cost = 75
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_zhejiang_integration_speed = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_fujian_integration_cost = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    anq_fujian_integration_speed = 90
    
}
recruit_character = ANQ_chen_tiaoyuan
recruit_character = ANQ_wang_pu
recruit_character = ANQ_wu_yinchan
recruit_character = ANQ_wu_zhuozhi
recruit_character = ANQ_lu_gongwang
recruit_character = ANQ_shi_liangcai
recruit_character = ANQ_wei_yanshou
recruit_character = ANQ_zhang_zhongli
recruit_character = ANQ_peng_xuefeng
recruit_character = ANQ_liu_heding
recruit_character = ANQ_shi_zhongcheng
recruit_character = ANQ_li_shengchun
recruit_character = ANQ_sun_li_jen
recruit_character = ANQ_jiang_chaozong
recruit_character = ANQ_li_erkang
recruit_character = ANQ_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = ANQ_xu_tingyao
recruit_character = ANQ_zhang_yichun
recruit_character = ANQ_ge_jingen
recruit_character = ANQ_xu_huansheng
division_template = {
    name = "Qibing Xie"
    division_names_group = CHYN_CAV_01
    regiments = {
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Bubing Xie"
    division_names_group = CHYN_INF_01
    regiments = {
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Bubing Zhen"
    division_names_group = CHYN_INF_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
