capital = 278
oob = "ARG"
set_naval_oob = "ARG_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.35
set_convoys = 120
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    marines = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
    type = train_equipment
    amount = 35
    producer = ARG
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "ARG_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "ARG_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = {
    ARG_carles_rule_idea_1
    ARG_interservice_rivalry_navy_dominant
    ARG_Military_Cliques
    ARG_Military_Apparatus
    
}
unlock_national_focus = ARG_Woes_of_the_Christmas_Coup
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argbla.8
    days = 441
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argbla.9
    days = 596
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argbla.11
    days = 688
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.10
    days = 365
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.20
    days = 730
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.30
    days = 1095
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.40
    days = 1460
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.50
    days = 1825
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.60
    days = 2190
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.70
    days = 2555
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.80
    days = 2920
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argim.90
    days = 3285
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argmil.24
    days = 1460
    random_days = 180
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argfor.16
    days = 730
    random_days = 5
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.2
    days = 415
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.3
    days = 779
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.9
    days = 888
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.10
    days = 1001
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.11
    days = 1145
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.13
    days = 1430
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.14
    days = 1606
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.15
    days = 1706
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.19
    days = 1905
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.16
    days = 2010
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.17
    days = 2190
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.18
    days = 2315
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.1
    days = 288
    
}
country_event = {
    id = arg_flavour.12
    days = 1295
    
}
country_event = {
    id = argcar.47
    days = 3950
    
}
set_variable = {
    arg_im_factor = 100
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = national_populist
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 4
    radical_socialist = 4
    syndicalist = 4
    social_democrat = 10
    social_liberal = 18
    market_liberal = 21
    social_conservative = 6
    paternal_autocrat = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 4
    national_populist = 19
    
}
add_civil_war_target = FOP
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_carles
recruit_character = ARG_juan_domingo_peron
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_pablo_ramirez
recruit_character = ARG_roberto_ortiz
recruit_character = ARG_ramon_antonio_castillo
recruit_character = ARG_nicolas_repetto
recruit_character = ARG_angel_borlenghi
recruit_character = ARG_jose_peter
recruit_character = ARG_agustin_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pistarini
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_eugenio_aramburu
recruit_character = ARG_enrique_mosconi
recruit_character = ARG_edelmiro_julian_farrell
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_savio
recruit_character = ARG_humberto_sosa_molina
recruit_character = ARG_arturo_rawson
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_domecq_garcia
recruit_character = ARG_eleazar_videla
recruit_character = ARG_isaac_francisco_rojas
recruit_character = ARG_council_of_buenos_aires
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_de_andrea
recruit_character = ARG_elpidio_gonzalez
recruit_character = ARG_jose_tamborini
recruit_character = ARG_robustiano_costas
recruit_character = ARG_alicia_moreau
recruit_character = ARG_arturo_frondizi
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_alvear
recruit_character = ARG_ricardo_balbin
recruit_character = ARG_argentine_parliament
recruit_character = ARG_bernardo_alberte
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_ortiz
recruit_character = ARG_segundo_storni
recruit_character = ARG_luis_costa
recruit_character = ARG_juan_cooke
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_lonardi
recruit_character = ARG_diego_mason
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_begnis
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_gilbert
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_sanchez_viamonte
recruit_character = ARG_jose_maria_sobral
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_teisaire
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_daireaux
recruit_character = ARG_hector_vernengo_lima
recruit_character = ARG_antonio_parodi
recruit_character = ARG_bartolome_de_la_colina
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_castex_lainfor
recruit_character = ARG_marcos_zar
ARG_jose_maria_sobral = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_luis_costa = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_juan_cooke = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_carlos_sanchez_viamonte = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_carlos_begnis = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_alicia_moreau = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_nicolas_repetto = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_elpidio_gonzalez = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_robustiano_costas = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_arturo_frondizi = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_ricardo_balbin = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_juan_pistarini = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_enrique_mosconi = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_manuel_savio = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_humberto_sosa_molina = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_eleazar_videla = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_segundo_storni = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_isaac_francisco_rojas = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_bartolome_de_la_colina = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
ARG_pedro_castex_lainfor = {
    set_character_flag = ARG_can_join_FOP
    
}
