capital = 925
oob = "BEL"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.2
set_convoys = 80
set_cosmetic_tag = BEL_flanders_wallonia
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    bicycle_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    interwar_antitank = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    jaegers = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    winter_clothes_gw = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "BEL_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "BEL_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        basic_light_td = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.225
    days = 10
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mittel.109
    days = 32
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.1
    days = 48
    
}
country_event = {
    id = flawa.1
    days = 95
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.140
    days = 96
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.9
    days = 120
    
}
country_event = {
    id = flawa.5
    days = 120
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.30
    days = 132
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.118
    days = 192
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.218
    days = 202
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.23
    days = 255
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bel.807
    days = 553
    
}
country_event = {
    id = flawa.26
    days = 746
    random_days = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = flawa.28
    days = 851
    
}
country_event = {
    id = wallonia.713
    days = 2677
    
}
WAL = {
    country_event = {
        id = wallonia.713
        days = 2677
        
    }
    
}
GER = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = BEL
        autonomy_state = default_puppet
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = bel.73
        days = 731
        random_days = 5
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 5
    social_democrat = 17
    social_liberal = 2
    market_liberal = 9
    social_conservative = 23
    authoritarian_democrat = 39
    paternal_autocrat = 4
    national_populist = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    BEL_King_Exile
    BEL_Language_Trouble
    BEL_anti_german_sentiment3
    
}
recruit_character = BEL_adelbert_von_hohenzollern
recruit_character = BEL_belgian_parliament
recruit_character = BEL_albert_van_belgie
recruit_character = BEL_leopold_van_belgie
recruit_character = BEL_hendrik_de_man
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_xavier_relecom
recruit_character = BEL_achille_van_acker
recruit_character = BEL_paul_henri_spaak
recruit_character = BEL_paul_emile_janson
recruit_character = BEL_paul_van_zeeland
recruit_character = BEL_charles_daspremont_lynden
recruit_character = BEL_joris_van_severen
recruit_character = BEL_leon_degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_georges_prosper_remi
recruit_character = BEL_edouard_van_den_bergen
recruit_character = BEL_jean_baptiste_piron
recruit_character = BEL_victor_van_strydonck_de_burkel
recruit_character = BEL_maurice_keyaerts
recruit_character = BEL_georges_deffontaine
recruit_character = BEL_maximilien_de_neve_de_roden
recruit_character = BEL_raoul_daufresne_de_la_chevalerie
recruit_character = BEL_georges_timmermans
recruit_character = BEL_victor_billet
recruit_character = BEL_georges_theunis
recruit_character = BEL_emile_francqui
recruit_character = BEL_alexandre_galopin
recruit_character = BEL_albert_eduard_janssen
recruit_character = BEL_henri_baels
recruit_character = BEL_gustave_sap
recruit_character = BEL_adolphe_max
recruit_character = BEL_julius_hoste_jr
recruit_character = BEL_edward_anseele
recruit_character = BEL_emile_vandervelde
recruit_character = BEL_ernest_ghislain_graff
recruit_character = BEL_karel_jan_bossart
recruit_character = BEL_robert_desmet
recruit_character = BEL_henri_denis
recruit_character = BEL_raoul_van_overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_eduard_blondeel
recruit_character = BEL_felix_iserentant
recruit_character = BEL_emile_galet
recruit_character = BEL_herman_bodson
recruit_character = BEL_oscar_michiels
recruit_character = BEL_adolphe_cumont
recruit_character = BEL_lambert_robins
recruit_character = BEL_paul_hierneaux
BEL_adelbert_von_hohenzollern = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BEL_albert_van_belgie = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    retire = yes
    
}
BEL_leopold_van_belgie = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    retire = yes
    
}
BEL_charles_daspremont_lynden = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_georges_prosper_remi = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_leon_degrelle = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_georges_theunis = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_emile_francqui = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_alexandre_galopin = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_gustave_sap = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_adolphe_max = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_maurice_keyaerts = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_georges_deffontaine = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_jean_baptiste_piron = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_maximilien_de_neve_de_roden = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_raoul_daufresne_de_la_chevalerie = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_henri_denis = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_felix_iserentant = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_emile_galet = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_adolphe_cumont = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_paul_hierneaux = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_walloon_character
    
}
BEL_hendrik_de_man = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_paul_henri_spaak = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_joris_van_severen = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_albert_eduard_janssen = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_henri_baels = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_julius_hoste_jr = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_edward_anseele = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_emile_vandervelde = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_ernest_ghislain_graff = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_edouard_van_den_bergen = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_victor_van_strydonck_de_burkel = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_victor_billet = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_georges_timmermans = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_raoul_van_overstraeten = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_eduard_blondeel = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_herman_bodson = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_oscar_michiels = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_lambert_robins = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_karel_jan_bossart = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
BEL_robert_desmet = {
    set_character_flag = BEL_flemish_character
    
}
