capital = 324
oob = "BHU"
set_research_slots = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.1
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.1.1"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 6
    social_democrat = 6
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 3
    authoritarian_democrat = 32
    paternal_autocrat = 22
    national_populist = 20
    
}
add_ideas = {
    BHU_hermit_kingdom
    BHU_Monastic_Control
    BHU_feudal_4
    closed_economy
    limited_conscription
    isolation
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.78
    days = 4
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.67
    days = 990
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.68
    days = 990
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.71
    days = 1065
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.74
    days = 740
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.75
    days = 870
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.76
    days = 585
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bhutan.77
    days = 1680
    
}
set_country_flag = {
    flag = bhu_feudal_unity
    value = 11
    
}
set_country_flag = {
    flag = bhu_econ_dev
    value = 8
    
}
set_country_flag = {
    flag = bhu_mil_invest
    value = 8
    
}
recruit_character = BHU_db_gurung
recruit_character = BHU_mahasur_chhetri
recruit_character = BHU_bal_bahadur_basnet
recruit_character = BHU_jigme_wangchuck
recruit_character = BHU_interregnum
recruit_character = BHU_tshering_penjor
recruit_character = BHU_choekyi_wangchuck
recruit_character = BHU_zhabdrung
recruit_character = BHU_sonam_topgye_dorji
recruit_character = BHU_jigme_dorji_wangchuck
recruit_character = BHU_namgyal_bahadur
recruit_character = BHU_zamadar_chencho
recruit_character = BHU_chhoki_gyeltshen
activate_advisor = BHU_sonam_topgye_dorji_sic
recruit_character = BHU_chimi_dorji_rabden
recruit_character = BHU_chogley_jigme_tenzin
recruit_character = BHU_jhulendra_bahadur_pradhan
recruit_character = BHU_phuntsho_choden
recruit_character = BHU_samten_jamtsho
recruit_character = BHU_tashi_namgyal
recruit_character = BHU_thinley_namgyel
recruit_character = BHU_royal_army_council
BHU_jigme_wangchuck = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BHU_interregnum = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BHU_tshering_penjor = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    set_character_flag = show_unit_leader_role
    
}
BHU_zhabdrung = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BHU_sonam_topgye_dorji = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    set_character_flag = show_unit_leader_role
    
}
BHU_jigme_dorji_wangchuck = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
