capital = 48
oob = "BUL"
set_naval_oob = "BUL_naval"
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "BUL_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aa_lmg = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "BUL_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        panzerschiffe = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgaria.2
    days = 7
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgaria.7
    days = 40
    random_days = 610
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgaria.8
    days = 40
    random_days = 550
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgaria.14
    days = 60
    random_days = 300
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgaria.27
    days = 90
    random_days = 250
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.1
    days = 60
    random_days = 400
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.2
    days = 35
    random_days = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.3
    days = 35
    random_days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.6
    days = 720
    random_days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.13
    days = 1000
    random_days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.14
    days = 4380
    random_days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.16
    days = 450
    random_days = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = bulgariaflavour.19
    days = 150
    random_days = 30
    
}
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 40
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    BUL_waning_hegemony
    BUL_military_league
    BUL_boris_crown_prince
    BUL_state_protection_act
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1934.6.21"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    syndicalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 6
    social_democrat = 6
    social_liberal = 8
    market_liberal = 11
    social_conservative = 15
    authoritarian_democrat = 30
    paternal_autocrat = 11
    national_populist = 9
    
}
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_ikonomov
recruit_character = BUL_manol_vasev
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_kimon_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_dochev
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_sakskoburggotski
recruit_character = BUL_boris_sakskoburggotski
recruit_character = BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski
recruit_character = BUL_dimo_kazasov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_gichev
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_burov
recruit_character = BUL_alexander_stamboliyski
recruit_character = BUL_fatherland_front
recruit_character = BUL_teodosi_daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_nedev
recruit_character = BUL_asen_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_pencho_zlatev
recruit_character = BUL_rusi_rusev
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_lukash
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_hadzhipetov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_valkov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_nakov
recruit_character = BUL_hristo_lukov
recruit_character = BUL_vladimir_vazov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_variklechkov
recruit_character = BUL_sava_ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_petko_stainov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_kyoseivanov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_kolarov
recruit_character = BUL_raiko_daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_stefan_klechkov
recruit_character = BUL_petur_todorov
recruit_character = BUL_bogdan_filov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_aleksandrov
recruit_character = BUL_metropolitan_neophyte
recruit_character = BUL_damyan_velchev
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_muraviev
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_burov
recruit_character = BUL_nikola_petkov
recruit_character = BUL_stamen_grigorov
recruit_character = BUL_tsvetan_lazarov
recruit_character = BUL_kazanlak_arsenal
recruit_character = BUL_todor_radev
activate_advisor = BUL_petko_stainov_sic
recruit_character = BUL_todor_georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_trifon_trifonov
recruit_character = BUL_vasil_boydev
recruit_character = BUL_gancho_manchev
recruit_character = BUL_army_reform_department
BUL_ferdinand_sakskoburggotski = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BUL_boris_sakskoburggotski = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
BUL_vladimir_vazov = {
    retire = yes
    
}
