capital = 613
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = SQI
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = QIE
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = LEP
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = ANQ
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = GER
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = GEA
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = MAF
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = JAP
    modifier = embargo
    
}
set_cosmetic_tag = CHI_rebel
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_small = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_medium = 80
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_large = 110
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_concessionintegration_cost = 15
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_speed = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_concessionintegration_speed = 60
    
}
set_country_flag = can_assume_national_leadership
set_country_flag = china_integration_unlocked
add_ideas = {
    limited_exports
    volunteer_only
    partial_economic_mobilisation
    KR_CHI_popular_support_1
    KR_CHI_start_army
    
}
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = CHI_NRA
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_EAC_political_power_factor = -0.05
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_EAC_production_speed_buildings_factor = -0.2
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_EAC_industry_repair_factor = -0.1
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_NRA_planning_speed = -0.15
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_NRA_max_planning = -0.15
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_NRA_experience_gain_army_factor = -0.3
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_NRA_command_power_gain_mult = -0.75
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_NRA_army_leader_cost_factor = 0.5
    
}
add_to_variable = {
    CHI_NRA_training_time_factor = 0.1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = radical_socialist
    last_election = "1925.10.10"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 5
    radical_socialist = 48
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 37
    social_liberal = 10
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 0
    
}
country_event = {
    id = literature.17
    days = 130
    random_days = 20
    
}
recruit_character = CHI_dai_chunfeng
recruit_character = CHI_chen_duxiu
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = CHI_song_qingling
recruit_character = CHI_sun_fo
recruit_character = CHI_lin_sen
recruit_character = CHI_chen_guofu
recruit_character = CHI_li_jishen
recruit_character = CHI_xue_yue
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_fakui
recruit_character = CHI_deng_yanda
recruit_character = CHI_ye_ting
recruit_character = CHI_lin_biao
recruit_character = CHI_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = CHI_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_yunyi
recruit_character = CHI_cai_chang
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_ke
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_wei_kuo
recruit_character = CHI_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = CHI_du_yuming
recruit_character = CHI_dai_anlan
CHI_xue_yue = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
CHI_zhang_fakui = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
recruit_character = CHI_li_zhilong
recruit_character = CHI_chen_shaokuan
recruit_character = CHI_liao_zhongkai
recruit_character = CHI_chen_gongbo
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = CHI_tv_song
recruit_character = CHI_gu_mengyu
recruit_character = CHI_chen_bijun
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_fohai
recruit_character = CHI_li_shiqun
recruit_character = CHI_eugene_chen
recruit_character = CHI_li_shizeng
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_renjie
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = CHI_mao_renfang
recruit_character = CHI_chen_lifu
recruit_character = CHI_cai_yuanpei
recruit_character = CHI_deng_yingchao
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_ching_kuo
activate_advisor = CHI_liao_zhongkai_sic
recruit_character = CHI_deng_wenyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_zirou
recruit_character = CHI_mao_bangchu
recruit_character = CHI_su_yu
recruit_character = CHI_he_zhonghan
recruit_character = CHI_chen_jiliang
division_template = {
    name = "Dúli Bubing Lü"
    division_names_group = CHI_INF_02
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Géming Minbing Lü"
    division_names_group = CHI_MIL_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    template_counter = 68
    
}
create_equipment_variant = {
    name = "Chu Tung/Kiang Yuan Class"
    type = ship_hull_light_1
    name_group = CHYN_DD_HISTORICAL
    modules = {
        fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
        fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
        fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
        fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
        fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
        fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
        mid_1_custom_slot = empty
        rear_1_custom_slot = empty
        
    }
    
}
create_equipment_variant = {
    name = "Type I Class"
    type = ship_hull_submarine_1
    name_group = CHYN_SS_HISTORICAL
    modules = {
        fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
        fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
        rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
        
    }
    
}
