capital = 306
oob = "COL"
set_naval_oob = "COL_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 10
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    naval_bomber1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = col.1
    days = 1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1934.5.2"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 15
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 33
    social_liberal = 2
    market_liberal = 3
    social_conservative = 29
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 11
    national_populist = 7
    
}
recruit_character = COL_gilberto_vieira
recruit_character = COL_pedro_nel_gomez_agudelo
recruit_character = COL_jorge_eliecer_gaitan
recruit_character = COL_alfonso_lopez_pumarejo
recruit_character = COL_eduardo_santos_montejo
recruit_character = COL_gabriel_turbay_ayala
recruit_character = COL_mariano_ospina_perez
recruit_character = COL_alfredo_vasquez_cobo
recruit_character = COL_laureano_gomez_castro
recruit_character = COL_jose_maria_villarreal
recruit_character = COL_gustavo_rojas_pinilla
recruit_character = COL_eliseo_arango_ramos
recruit_character = COL_efrain_rojas
recruit_character = COL_luis_acevedo
recruit_character = COL_mario_espinoza_gacitua
recruit_character = COL_esteban_jaramillo
recruit_character = COL_eduardo_zalamea_borda
recruit_character = COL_carlos_lozano_y_lozano
recruit_character = COL_benito_hernandez_bustos
recruit_character = COL_carlos_lleras_restrepo
recruit_character = COL_julian_bucheli_ayerbe
recruit_character = COL_ruben_piedrahita_arango
recruit_character = COL_congreso_de_la_republica
recruit_character = COL_baldomero_sanin_cano
recruit_character = COL_guillermo_padilla_manrique
recruit_character = COL_gabriel_paris_gordillo
recruit_character = COL_camilo_daza_alvarez
recruit_character = COL_arturo_lema_posada
recruit_character = COL_laureano_gomez
recruit_character = COL_felix_mercado
recruit_character = COL_mauricio_soto_gomez
activate_advisor = COL_congreso_de_la_republica_sic
