capital = 109
oob = "CRO"
set_naval_oob = "CRO_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 30
set_cosmetic_tag = CRO_illyria_habsburg
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        improved_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = CRO_croatian_command
country_event = {
    id = illyria.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = illyria.3
    days = 135
    
}
country_event = {
    id = illyria.4
    days = 220
    
}
country_event = {
    id = illyria.5
    days = 330
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    radical_socialist = 4
    syndicalist = 2
    social_democrat = 8
    social_liberal = 34
    market_liberal = 23
    social_conservative = 2
    authoritarian_democrat = 7
    paternal_autocrat = 16
    national_populist = 3
    
}
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_radic
recruit_character = CRO_ivo_pillar
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_kvaternik
recruit_character = CRO_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = CRO_fedor_dragojlov
recruit_character = CRO_eduard_bunic_de_bona
recruit_character = CRO_matija_canic
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_laxa
recruit_character = CRO_duro_jakcin
recruit_character = CRO_edgar_angeli
recruit_character = CRO_nikola_steinfel
recruit_character = CRO_aleksandar_ehrmann
recruit_character = CRO_oton_vinski
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_rikard_ivanovic
recruit_character = CRO_aloysius_stepinac
recruit_character = CRO_andrija_artukovic
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_kosak
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_subasic
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_ivsic
recruit_character = CRO_duro_basaricek
recruit_character = CRO_miroslav_navratil
recruit_character = CRO_vilko_begic
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_stancer
recruit_character = CRO_vladimir_kren
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_prpic
recruit_character = CRO_duro_dragicevic
recruit_character = CRO_milan_miesler
recruit_character = CRO_domobranske_akademija
recruit_character = CRO_mornaricka_akademija
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = CRO_stjepan_radic
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = CRO_stjepan_radic_target
    
}
