capital = 9
oob = "CZE"
set_stability = 0.6
set_research_slots = 3
set_cosmetic_tag = CZE_habsburg
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        improved_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 2
    radical_socialist = 4
    social_democrat = 12
    social_liberal = 32
    market_liberal = 22
    social_conservative = 9
    authoritarian_democrat = 6
    paternal_autocrat = 11
    national_populist = 2
    
}
recruit_character = CZE_stanislav_kostka_neumann
recruit_character = CZE_zdenek_nejedly
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_soukup
recruit_character = CZE_alois_podhajsky
recruit_character = CZE_jan_masaryk
recruit_character = CZE_jiri_stribrny
recruit_character = CZE_jan_malypetr
recruit_character = CZE_jan_syrovy
recruit_character = CZE_emanuel_moravec
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_udrzal
recruit_character = CZE_rudolf_lodgman
recruit_character = CZE_bohumil_stasek
recruit_character = CZE_premysl_samal
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_hodac
recruit_character = CZE_rudolf_beran
recruit_character = CZE_rudolf_bechyne
recruit_character = CZE_zdenek_fierlinger
recruit_character = CZE_antonin_novotny
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_hasek
recruit_character = CZE_emanuel_vajtauer
CZE_Frantisek_Udrzal_sic = yes
recruit_character = CZE_alois_rasin
recruit_character = CZE_tomas_bata
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_preiss
recruit_character = CZE_bohumil_baxa
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_stransky
recruit_character = CZE_ladislav_feierabend
recruit_character = CZE_ladislav_rasin
recruit_character = CZE_ludwig_cech
recruit_character = CZE_antonin_hampl
recruit_character = CZE_viktor_dyk
recruit_character = CZE_luisa_landova_stychova
recruit_character = CZE_bohuslav_vrbensky
recruit_character = CZE_vilem_brodecky
recruit_character = CZE_karel_husarek
recruit_character = CZE_jan_cerny
recruit_character = CZE_karel_englis
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_heyrovsky
recruit_character = CZE_cenek_hauzvic
recruit_character = CZE_asher_zelig_goldberger
recruit_character = CZE_josef_bily
recruit_character = CZE_josef_votruba
recruit_character = CZE_bohuslav_kohout
recruit_character = CZE_eduard_horak
recruit_character = CZE_viktor_hoppe
recruit_character = CZE_ludvik_krejci
recruit_character = CZE_radola_gajda
recruit_character = CZE_karel_kutlvasr
recruit_character = CZE_ludvik_svoboda
recruit_character = CZE_bohumil_rytir
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_eminger
recruit_character = CZE_jozef_fetka
recruit_character = CZE_karel_prochazka
recruit_character = CZE_karel_janousek
recruit_character = CZE_karel_prazak
recruit_character = CZE_julius_fisera
recruit_character = CZE_jiri_placzek
recruit_character = CZE_ludvik_ocenasek
recruit_character = CZE_alois_vicherek
recruit_character = CZE_jan_kasalicky
CZE_jan_syrovy = {
    set_character_flag = CZE_character
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
CZE_ludvik_krejci = {
    set_character_flag = CZE_character
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
CZE_radola_gajda = {
    set_character_flag = CZE_character
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
CZE_karel_kutlvasr = {
    set_character_flag = CZE_character
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
CZE_ludvik_svoboda = {
    set_character_flag = CZE_character
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
CZE_bohumil_rytir = {
    set_character_flag = CZE_character
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
