capital = 37
oob = "DEN"
set_naval_oob = "DEN_naval"
set_convoys = 40
set_war_support = 0.1
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1935.10.22"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 2
    social_democrat = 43
    social_liberal = 10
    market_liberal = 25
    social_conservative = 8
    authoritarian_democrat = 11
    paternal_autocrat = 1
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ideas = DEN_idea_opposition_controlled_landsting
country_event = {
    id = den.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.4
    days = 74
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.5
    days = 137
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.7
    days = 227
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.14
    days = 266
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.17
    days = 503
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.18
    days = 1536
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.19
    days = 634
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.20
    days = 904
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.21
    days = 22
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.22
    days = 447
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.23
    days = 730
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.24
    days = 713
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.26
    days = 837
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.27
    days = 869
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.28
    days = 1210
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.29
    days = 2068
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.30
    days = 2314
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.32
    days = 154
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.64
    days = 1398
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.70
    days = 772
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.71
    days = 156
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.80
    days = 4127
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.85
    days = 2610
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.89
    days = 439
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.92
    days = 2769
    random_days = 28
    
}
country_event = {
    id = den.93
    days = 2790
    random_days = 20
    
}
recruit_character = DEN_christian_af_glucksborg
recruit_character = DEN_frederik_af_glucksborg
recruit_character = DEN_olga_eggers
recruit_character = DEN_christian_christensen
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_larsen
recruit_character = DEN_thorvald_stauning
recruit_character = DEN_vilhelm_buhl
recruit_character = DEN_peter_munch
recruit_character = DEN_thomas_madsen_mygdal
recruit_character = DEN_knud_kristensen
recruit_character = DEN_john_christmas_moller
recruit_character = DEN_erik_with
recruit_character = DEN_christian_von_schalburg
recruit_character = DEN_max_arildskov
recruit_character = DEN_alsing_andersen
recruit_character = DEN_viggo_kampmann
recruit_character = DEN_joergen_joergensen
recruit_character = DEN_otto_carl_mohr
recruit_character = DEN_jack_westergaard
recruit_character = DEN_erik_grevenkop_castenski
recruit_character = DEN_knud_bach
recruit_character = DEN_hans_hedtoft
recruit_character = DEN_karl_kristian_steincke
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_moeller
recruit_character = DEN_bertel_dahlgaard
recruit_character = DEN_ib_noerlund
recruit_character = DEN_poul_gissemann
recruit_character = DEN_hans_christian_andersen
recruit_character = DEN_william_prior
recruit_character = DEN_hans_rolsted
recruit_character = DEN_erik_leschly
recruit_character = DEN_aage_af_glucksborg
recruit_character = DEN_frode_lund_hvalkof
recruit_character = DEN_aage_helgesen_vedel
recruit_character = DEN_hjalmar_rechnitzer
recruit_character = DEN_oberst_hartz
recruit_character = DEN_christian_forslev
recruit_character = DEN_kaj_birksted
recruit_character = DEN_asger_grandjean
recruit_character = DEN_ebbe_gortz
recruit_character = DEN_frits_aage_hammer_kjolsen
recruit_character = DEN_carl_hammerich
every_unit_leader = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_alsing_andersen = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_joergen_joergensen = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_hans_hedtoft = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_karl_kristian_steincke = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_aksel_moeller = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_bertel_dahlgaard = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_ebbe_gortz = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
DEN_christian_forslev = {
    set_character_flag = DEN_leader
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = DEN_christian_af_glucksborg
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = DEN_christian_af_glucksborg_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = DEN_frederik_af_glucksborg
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = DEN_frederik_af_glucksborg_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = DEN_aage_af_glucksborg
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = DEN_aage_af_glucksborg_target
    
}
