capital = 446
oob = "EGY"
set_naval_oob = "EGY_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.5
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_convoys = 10
set_cosmetic_tag = EGY_sultanate
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    camelry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    desertinfantry_at = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    jngdst_clothes_gw = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "EGY_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "EGY_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1931.10.16"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 3
    social_liberal = 12
    market_liberal = 25
    social_conservative = 35
    authoritarian_democrat = 15
    paternal_autocrat = 10
    national_populist = 0
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.2
    days = 110
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.100
    days = 10
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.106
    days = 860
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.116
    days = 531
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.120
    days = 2728
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.124
    days = 3094
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.128
    days = 3195
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.129
    days = 1368
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.130
    days = 293
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.131
    days = 2957
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.132
    days = 701
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.135
    days = 1205
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.136
    days = 1266
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.141
    days = 1327
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.143
    days = 30
    random_days = 90
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.144
    days = 775
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.145
    days = 1158
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.146
    days = 556
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.147
    days = 232
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.148
    days = 1115
    
}
country_event = {
    id = egy.149
    days = 926
    
}
add_ideas = {
    EGY_backwards_economy_1
    EGY_illiterate_populace
    EGY_inexperinced_officer_corps
    EGY_iqta
    
}
recruit_character = EGY_fuad_i
recruit_character = EGY_farouk_i
recruit_character = EGY_abbas_ii
recruit_character = EGY_abdel_moneim_i
recruit_character = EGY_shuhdi_atiya_shafi
recruit_character = EGY_yusuf_mudarrik
recruit_character = EGY_salama_moussa
recruit_character = EGY_mohammed_mahmoud_pasha
recruit_character = EGY_mostafa_nahhas
recruit_character = EGY_hassan_banna
recruit_character = EGY_mohammed_naguib
recruit_character = EGY_hussein_refki
recruit_character = EGY_aziz_ezzat
recruit_character = EGY_hassan_sabry
recruit_character = EGY_mohamed_haidar
recruit_character = EGY_mahmoud_shokry
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_abdullah_almwawi
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_abdel_aziz
recruit_character = EGY_mohammed_ibrahim_salim
recruit_character = EGY_suleiman_ezzat
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_bek_badr
recruit_character = EGY_mohamed_nashid
recruit_character = EGY_mahmoud_hamza
recruit_character = EGY_gamel_abdel_nasser
recruit_character = EGY_hussein_el_shafei
recruit_character = EGY_abdel_hakim_amer
recruit_character = EGY_abdul_rahman_hassan_azzam
recruit_character = EGY_mostafa_el_nahas
recruit_character = EGY_makram_ebeid
recruit_character = EGY_muhammad_ahmad_abbud
recruit_character = EGY_hassan_allam
recruit_character = EGY_ali_moustafa_mosharafa
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_naguib_el_hilaly
recruit_character = EGY_ahmad_maher
recruit_character = EGY_hassan_al_banna
recruit_character = EGY_saba_habachy
recruit_character = EGY_youssef_seddik
recruit_character = EGY_rashad_mehanna
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_ali_al_mwawi
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_abdel_raziq
recruit_character = EGY_fuad_abdel_hamid
EGY_fuad_i = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
EGY_farouk_i = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
EGY_abbas_ii = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
EGY_abdel_moneim_i = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
EGY_gamel_abdel_nasser = {
    retire = yes
    
}
EGY_hussein_el_shafei = {
    retire = yes
    
}
EGY_abdel_hakim_amer = {
    retire = yes
    
}
