capital = 126
oob = "ENG"
set_naval_oob = "ENG_naval"
set_convoys = 800
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
set_research_slots = 4
starting_train_buffer = 4
set_fuel_ratio = 0.8
add_command_power = 20
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    marines = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
    radio = 1
    radio_detection = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    synth_oil_experiments = 1
    basic_train = 1
    aluminum_production_1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_gw_railway_gun = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "ENG_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        iw_large_airframe = 1
        basic_medium_airframe = 1
        basic_small_airframe = 1
        air_torpedoe_1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "ENG_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        cv_early_fighter = 1
        naval_bomber1 = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
        basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        sonar = 1
        smoke_generator = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_fire_control_system = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        early_carrier = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_lar = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        armored_car1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = syndicalist
    last_election = "1935.11.14"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 20
    syndicalist = 35
    radical_socialist = 21
    social_democrat = 3
    social_liberal = 8
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 7
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 6
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ideas = ENG_naval_devotion
country_event = {
    id = uob.1
    days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1003
    days = 914
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1004
    days = 745
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1005
    days = 3050
    
}
news_event = {
    id = uob.1019
    days = 488
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1020
    days = 10
    
}
country_event = {
    id = comfrance.71
    days = 456
    random_hours = 120
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1034
    days = 520
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1035
    days = 60
    
}
country_event = {
    id = uob.1014
    days = 1898
    
}
recruit_character = ENG_oswald_mosley
recruit_character = ENG_john_strachey
recruit_character = ENG_tom_mann
recruit_character = ENG_central_committee
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_horner
recruit_character = ENG_sylvia_pankhurst
recruit_character = ENG_willie_gallacher
recruit_character = ENG_ellen_wilkinson
recruit_character = ENG_clement_attlee
recruit_character = ENG_niclas_y_glais
recruit_character = ENG_eric_blair
recruit_character = ENG_rajani_palme_dutt
recruit_character = ENG_ebby_edwards
recruit_character = ENG_fenner_brockway
recruit_character = ENG_jt_murphy
recruit_character = ENG_george_hardy
recruit_character = ENG_wilfred_risdon
recruit_character = ENG_alexander_r_thomson
recruit_character = ENG_john_beckett
recruit_character = ENG_harry_pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_abe_moffat
recruit_character = ENG_manny_shinwell
recruit_character = ENG_rh_tawney
recruit_character = ENG_alfred_salter
recruit_character = ENG_gdh_cole
recruit_character = ENG_harold_nicolson
recruit_character = ENG_william_temple
recruit_character = ENG_aneurin_bevan
recruit_character = ENG_jorian_jenks
recruit_character = ENG_alexander_fleming
recruit_character = ENG_percy_glading
recruit_character = ENG_basil_liddel_hart
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_ironside
recruit_character = ENG_jack_jones
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_paget
recruit_character = ENG_percy_hobart
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_browning
recruit_character = ENG_eric_charles_hayes
recruit_character = ENG_brian_horrocks
recruit_character = ENG_tom_wintringham
recruit_character = ENG_ronald_scobie
recruit_character = ENG_william_gott
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_jacob_hutton
recruit_character = ENG_eric_dorman_smith
recruit_character = ENG_kenneth_anderson
recruit_character = ENG_clement_armitage
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_lumsdon
recruit_character = ENG_kenneth_strong
recruit_character = ENG_fred_copeman
recruit_character = ENG_george_nathan
recruit_character = ENG_james_brewer
recruit_character = ENG_bill_alexander
recruit_character = ENG_david_stirling
recruit_character = ENG_ronald_forbes_adam
recruit_character = ENG_giffard_le_quesne_martel
recruit_character = ENG_william_slim
recruit_character = ENG_max_horton
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_drax
recruit_character = ENG_edward_evans
recruit_character = ENG_geoffrey_layton
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_power
recruit_character = ENG_robert_don_oliver
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_warburton_lee
recruit_character = ENG_frederic_john_walker
recruit_character = ENG_algernon_willis
recruit_character = ENG_percy_addison
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_anstice
recruit_character = ENG_geoffrey_barnard
recruit_character = ENG_frank_pegram
recruit_character = ENG_anthony_pugsley
recruit_character = ENG_katherine_furse
recruit_character = ENG_richard_cayley
recruit_character = ENG_stephen_beattie
recruit_character = ENG_donald_macintyre
recruit_character = ENG_noel_mason_macfarlane
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_pile
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_richmond
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_field
recruit_character = ENG_richard_bell_davies
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_dowding
recruit_character = ENG_basil_embry
recruit_character = ENG_edward_ellington
recruit_character = ENG_keith_park
recruit_character = ENG_ralph_cochrane
recruit_character = ENG_john_slessor
recruit_character = ENG_charles_broad
recruit_character = ENG_bruce_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_tedder
recruit_character = ENG_mark_oliphant
recruit_character = ENG_alan_turing
recruit_character = ENG_republican_general_command
ENG_james_brewer = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ENG_bill_alexander = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ENG_david_stirling = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ENG_richard_cayley = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ENG_stephen_beattie = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ENG_donald_macintyre = {
    retire = yes
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = GBR_hugh_gaitskell
    picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_Britain_Hugh_Gaitskell.png"
    ideology = social_democrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = GBR_herbert_samuel
    picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_England_Herbert_Samuel.png"
    ideology = social_liberal_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = GBR_abraham_england
    picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_England_Abraham_England.png"
    ideology = market_liberal_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = GBR_harold_macmillan
    picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_Britain_Harold_MacMillan.png"
    ideology = social_conservative_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = ENG_herbert_matthews
    picture = "gfx/leaders/Generic/European/Portrait_Europe_Generic_new_11.png"
    ideology = authoritarian_democrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = GBR_anthony_ludovici
    picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_England_Anthony_Ludovici.png"
    ideology = paternal_autocrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = GBR_arnold_leese
    picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_Britain_Arnold_Leese.png"
    ideology = national_populist_subtype
    
}
activate_advisor = ENG_oswald_mosley_sic
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_lar = yes
        
    }
    create_intelligence_agency = yes
    create_operative_leader = {
        name = "Ivan Lyon"
        GFX = GFX_portrait_kr_ivan_lyon
        traits = {
            operative_commando
            
        }
        bypass_recruitment = no
        available_to_spy_master = yes
        nationalities = {
            ENG
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Light Tank Mk. IV"
        type = light_tank_chassis_1
        parent_version = 0
        modules = {
            main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
            turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
            suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
            armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
            engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
            
        }
        upgrades = {
            tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
            tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
            
        }
        icon = GFX_ENG_basic_light_tank_medium
        obsolete = yes
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Light Tank Mk. VI"
        type = light_tank_chassis_1
        parent_version = 1
        modules = {
            main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
            turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
            suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
            armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
            engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
            special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
            special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
            
        }
        icon = GFX_ENG_basic_light_tank_medium
        upgrades = {
            tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
            tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Medium Mk. II"
        type = medium_tank_chassis_0
        parent_version = 0
        modules = {
            main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
            turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
            suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
            armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
            engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
            special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
            
        }
        upgrades = {
            tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
            tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
            
        }
        icon = GFX_ENG_basic_medium_tank_medium
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Vickers 6 ton A"
        type = light_tank_chassis_1
        parent_version = 2
        modules = {
            main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
            turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
            suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
            armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
            engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
            special_type_slot_1 = secondary_turret_hmg
            
        }
        upgrades = {
            tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
            tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
            
        }
        icon = "gfx/interface/equipmentdesigner/tanks/designer/ENG/ENG_light_BAB_camo.dds"
        obsolete = yes
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Vickers 6 ton B"
        type = light_tank_chassis_1
        parent_version = 3
        modules = {
            main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
            turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
            suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
            armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
            engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
            
        }
        upgrades = {
            tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
            tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
            
        }
        icon = "gfx/interface/equipmentdesigner/tanks/designer/ENG/ENG_light_BAB_camo.dds"
        obsolete = yes
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Hawker Fury"
        type = small_plane_airframe_0
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
            engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
            special_type_slot_1 = empty
            
        }
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Hawker Nimrod"
        type = cv_small_plane_airframe_0
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
            engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
            special_type_slot_1 = empty
            
        }
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Hawker Hind"
        type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
            engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
            special_type_slot_1 = empty
            
        }
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Blackburn Baffin"
        type = small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
            engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
            special_type_slot_1 = empty
            
        }
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Blackburn Baffin"
        type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_0
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
            engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
            special_type_slot_1 = empty
            
        }
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Boulton-Paul Overstrand"
        type = medium_plane_airframe_0
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
            engine_type_slot = engine_1_2x
            special_type_slot_1 = empty
            
        }
        obsolete = yes
        
    }
    create_equipment_variant = {
        name = "Handley-Page Hampden"
        type = medium_plane_airframe_1
        modules = {
            fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
            engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
            special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
