capital = 13
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 5
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 2
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 11
    social_liberal = 4
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 17
    authoritarian_democrat = 21
    paternal_autocrat = 38
    national_populist = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    LAT_EST_roads_to_riga_1
    EST_agrarian_issue_1
    limited_conscription
    
}
country_event = {
    id = KREST.1
    days = 2
    
}
recruit_character = EST_jaan_anvelt
recruit_character = EST_arnold_sommerling
recruit_character = EST_august_rei
recruit_character = EST_otto_strandman
recruit_character = EST_jaan_tonisson
recruit_character = EST_juri_uluots
recruit_character = EST_artur_sirk
recruit_character = EST_andres_larka
recruit_character = EST_hengo_tulnola
recruit_character = EST_aleksander_tonisson
recruit_character = EST_jaan_kruus
recruit_character = EST_johan_laidoner
recruit_character = EST_johan_pitka
EST_johan_pitka = {
    set_nationality = BAT
    
}
recruit_character = EST_karl_liidemann
recruit_character = EST_leo_sepp
recruit_character = EST_ants_piip
recruit_character = EST_hjalmar_mae
recruit_character = EST_august_tuulse
recruit_character = EST_richard_tomberg
recruit_character = EST_johannes_soodla
recruit_character = EST_alfons_rebane
division_template = {
    name = "Jalaväediviis"
    division_names_group = EST_INF_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Ratsarügement"
    division_names_group = EST_CAV_01
    regiments = {
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Omakaitsejõud"
    division_names_group = EST_INF_01
    regiments = {
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
create_equipment_variant = {
    name = "Kalev Class"
    type = ship_hull_submarine_1
    name_group = LAT_SS_HISTORICAL
    parent_version = 0
    modules = {
        fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
        fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
        rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
        
    }
    
}
create_equipment_variant = {
    name = "Wambola Class"
    type = ship_hull_light_1
    name_group = LAT_DD_HISTORICAL
    parent_version = 0
    modules = {
        fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
        fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
        fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
        fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
        fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
        fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
        mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
        rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
        
    }
    
}
