capital = 840
oob = "FIN"
set_naval_oob = "FIN_naval"
set_convoys = 20
set_research_slots = 3
set_war_support = 0.4
set_cosmetic_tag = FIN_monarchy
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    jaegers = 1
    r56_guerilla_warfare = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    winter_clothes_gw = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "FIN_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = finland.129
    days = 1609
    
}
GER = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = FIN
        autonomy_state = autonomous_puppet
        
    }
    
}
diplomatic_relation = {
    country = SWE
    relation = non_aggression_pact
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1936.1.1"
    election_frequency = 36
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 0
    social_democrat = 29
    social_liberal = 7
    market_liberal = 1
    social_conservative = 14
    paternal_autocrat = 4
    authoritarian_democrat = 30
    national_populist = 12
    
}
add_ideas = {
    FIN_sisu
    FIN_mounting_dissent_idea
    FIN_grain_issue_1
    limited_conscription
    
}
ROOT = {
    EST = {
        enable_country_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    146 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    722 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    909 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    215 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    216 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = FIN_friedrich_karl_von_hessen_kassel
recruit_character = FIN_wolfgang_von_hessen_kassel
recruit_character = FIN_otto_wille_kuusinen
recruit_character = FIN_niilo_wallari
recruit_character = FIN_oskari_tokoi
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_heikki_ritavuori
recruit_character = FIN_pehr_evind_svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_carl_gustaf_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi
recruit_character = FIN_kurt_martti_wallenius
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_tuomas_hyrskymurto
recruit_character = FIN_adolf_taimi
recruit_character = FIN_karl_august_fagerholm
recruit_character = FIN_juho_sunila
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_cajander
recruit_character = FIN_edwin_flinck
recruit_character = FIN_bruno_salmiala
recruit_character = FIN_johan_henrik_lumivuokko
recruit_character = FIN_august_wesley
recruit_character = FIN_edvard_gylling
recruit_character = FIN_hella_wuolijoki
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_voionmaa
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_eljas_erkko
recruit_character = FIN_risto_ryti
recruit_character = FIN_rafael_haarla
recruit_character = FIN_hjalmar_procope
recruit_character = FIN_elmo_kaila
recruit_character = FIN_elias_simojoki
recruit_character = FIN_vihtori_kosola
recruit_character = FIN_aladar_paasonen
recruit_character = FIN_reino_hallamaa
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_vuori
recruit_character = FIN_sixtus_hjelmman
recruit_character = FIN_erik_heinrichs
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_karl_lennart_oesch
recruit_character = FIN_aksel_airo
recruit_character = FIN_aaro_pajari
recruit_character = FIN_wiljo_tuompo
recruit_character = FIN_ruben_lagus
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_nenonen
recruit_character = FIN_paavo_talvela
recruit_character = FIN_paul_von_gerich
recruit_character = FIN_hjalmar_siilasvuo
recruit_character = FIN_niilo_hersalo
recruit_character = FIN_harald_ohquist
recruit_character = FIN_hugo_osterman
recruit_character = FIN_aarne_sihvo
recruit_character = FIN_vaino_valve
recruit_character = FIN_eero_rahola
recruit_character = FIN_svante_sundman
activate_advisor = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi_sic
FIN_friedrich_karl_von_hessen_kassel = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
FIN_wolfgang_von_hessen_kassel = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
every_unit_leader = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
FIN_carl_gustaf_mannerheim = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
FIN_vaino_voionmaa = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
FIN_urho_kekkonen = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
FIN_eljas_erkko = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
FIN_risto_ryti = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
FIN_hjalmar_procope = {
    set_character_flag = FIN_leader
    
}
