capital = 716
oob = "FNG"
set_naval_oob = "FNG_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.45
set_convoys = 15
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "FNG_air_bba"
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "FNG_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = arms_factory
    level = 2
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = industrial_complex
    level = 9
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.151
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.124
    days = 28
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.173
    days = 266
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.117
    days = 365
    random = 360
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fngshen.0
    days = 440
    random = 360
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.138
    days = 450
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.1411
    days = 608
    
}
country_event = {
    id = fengtian.116
    days = 1463
    random = 1560
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = GER
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = GEA
    modifier = embargo
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = QIE
    modifier = embargo
    
}
diplomatic_relation = {
    country = TRM
    relation = non_aggression_pact
    
}
set_country_flag = {
    flag = study_manufacturing_level
    value = 0
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = FNG_Militarize_the_Minsheng_Truck
    target = THIS
    
}
set_country_flag = can_assume_national_leadership
set_country_flag = china_integration_unlocked
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_small = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_medium = 80
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_large = 110
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_concessionintegration_cost = 15
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_speed = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_concessionintegration_speed = 60
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 14
    social_conservative = 18
    authoritarian_democrat = 40
    paternal_autocrat = 28
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    FNG_Backward_Industry
    FNG_Investment_Dearth
    FNG_The_Kwantung_Army
    FNG_mantetsu_influence_idea
    FNG_Regionalist_Sentiment
    
}
set_variable = {
    political_power_ideology = token:paternal_autocrat
    
}
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = FNG_mantetsu_influence_modifier
    
}
FNG_recalculate_mantetsu_effects = yes
set_variable = {
    FNG_factionalism_war_support = -0.2
    
}
set_variable = {
    FNG_factionalism_stability = -0.2
    
}
set_variable = {
    FNG_factionalism_pp_factor = -0.1
    
}
set_variable = {
    FNG_factionalism_conscription_factor = -0.1
    
}
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = FNG_factionalism_modifier
    
}
FNG_update_factionalism_variables = yes
set_variable = {
    FNG_japanese_tensions = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    FNG_japanese_tensions_frame = 0
    
}
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_zuolin
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = FNG_tang_shaoyi
activate_advisor = FNG_zhang_xueliang_sic
recruit_character = FNG_ruan_zhenduo
recruit_character = FNG_liang_shiyi
recruit_character = FNG_jin_yunpeng
recruit_character = FNG_pan_fu
recruit_character = FNG_cao_rulin
recruit_character = FNG_yang_yuting
recruit_character = FNG_li_dingyi
recruit_character = FNG_wang_yitang
recruit_character = FNG_wu_jinglian
recruit_character = FNG_sun_qichang
recruit_character = FNG_wang_yintai
recruit_character = FNG_li_shaogeng
recruit_character = FNG_lu_ronghuan
recruit_character = FNG_yuan_jinkai
recruit_character = FNG_ding_jianxiu
recruit_character = FNG_takema_machino
recruit_character = FNG_wu_junsheng
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_zuoxiang
recruit_character = FNG_wang_shuchang
recruit_character = FNG_ma_zhanshan
recruit_character = FNG_wan_fulin
recruit_character = FNG_zang_shiyi
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = FNG_tang_yulin
recruit_character = FNG_bao_wenyue
recruit_character = FNG_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = FNG_feng_zhanhai
recruit_character = FNG_su_bingwen
recruit_character = FNG_yu_zhishan
recruit_character = FNG_zou_zuohua
recruit_character = FNG_shen_honglie
recruit_character = FNG_yin_zuoqian
recruit_character = FNG_meng_tieqiao
recruit_character = FNG_xie_gangzhe
recruit_character = FNG_li_guidan
recruit_character = FNG_tong_yanbo
recruit_character = FNG_the_old_marshals_clique
recruit_character = FNG_the_young_marshals_clique
recruit_character = FNG_the_shikan_clique
recruit_character = FNG_guan_xiangying
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_small = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_medium = 75
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_cost_large = 100
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_concessionintegration_cost = 15
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_provinceintegration_speed = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    kr_china_concessionintegration_speed = 60
    
}
set_country_flag = FNG_concordia_association_active
set_country_flag = FNG_communications_clique_active
set_country_flag = FNG_recovery_league_active
set_country_flag = FNG_zhang_clique_active
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = FNG_favor_concordia_association
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = FNG_favor_communications_clique
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = FNG_favor_recovery_league
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = FNG_favor_zhang_clique
    
}
set_country_flag = china_integration_unlocked
give_military_access = JAP
