capital = 91
oob = "GAL"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
set_cosmetic_tag = GAL_habsburg
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 4
    syndicalist = 3
    social_democrat = 11
    social_liberal = 6
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 32
    authoritarian_democrat = 25
    paternal_autocrat = 12
    national_populist = 1
    
}
recruit_character = AUS_karl_albrecht_von_habsburg
recruit_character = GAL_stanislaw_szeptycki
recruit_character = GAL_franciszek_kleeberg
recruit_character = GAL_tadeusz_kutrzeba
recruit_character = GAL_wladyslaw_sikorski
recruit_character = GAL_dmytro_vitovsky
recruit_character = GAL_hnat_stefaniv
recruit_character = GAL_stanislaw_jasinski
recruit_character = GAL_jan_rozwadowski
recruit_character = GAL_stanislaw_maczek
recruit_character = GAL_franciszek_zamoyski
recruit_character = GAL_alfred_antoni_potocki
recruit_character = GAL_edward_raczynski
recruit_character = GAL_fryderyk_zoll
recruit_character = GAL_adam_krzyzanowski
recruit_character = GAL_stanislaw_ulam
recruit_character = GAL_ludwik_spiechowicz_boruta
recruit_character = GAL_stanislaw_miller
recruit_character = GAL_wladyslaw_kalkus
recruit_character = GAL_juliusz_kleeberg
recruit_character = GAL_stanislaw_ujejski
recruit_character = GAL_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = GAL_ignacy_moscicki
recruit_character = GAL_adam_romer
recruit_character = GAL_adam_sapieha
recruit_character = GAL_kost_levytsky
recruit_character = GAL_yevhen_petrushevych
recruit_character = GAL_eugeniusz_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = GAL_franciszek_pokorny
activate_advisor = GAL_wincenty_witos_sic
GAL_stanislaw_szeptycki = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_franciszek_kleeberg = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_tadeusz_kutrzeba = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_wladyslaw_sikorski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_stanislaw_jasinski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_jan_rozwadowski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_stanislaw_maczek = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_franciszek_zamoyski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_alfred_antoni_potocki = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_edward_raczynski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_fryderyk_zoll = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_adam_krzyzanowski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_stanislaw_ulam = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_ludwik_spiechowicz_boruta = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_stanislaw_miller = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_wladyslaw_kalkus = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_juliusz_kleeberg = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_stanislaw_ujejski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_wincenty_witos = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_ignacy_moscicki = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_adam_romer = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_adam_sapieha = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_eugeniusz_kwiatkowski = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_franciszek_pokorny = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_polish_character
    
}
GAL_dmytro_vitovsky = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_ukrainian_character
    
}
GAL_hnat_stefaniv = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_ukrainian_character
    
}
GAL_kost_levytsky = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_ukrainian_character
    
}
GAL_yevhen_petrushevych = {
    set_character_flag = GAL_ukrainian_character
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = AUS_karl_albrecht_von_habsburg
        
    }
    set_character_flag = AUS_habsburg
    save_global_event_target_as = AUS_karl_albrecht_von_habsburg_target
    
}
