capital = 47
oob = "GRE"
set_naval_oob = "GRE_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_convoys = 40
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.2
add_ideas = {
    GRE_foreign_industry_GER1
    GRE_foreign_industry_AUS1
    GRE_memories_of_king
    GRE_legacy_of_alexander_idea
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.3
    days = 85
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.24
    days = 137
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.20
    days = 763
    random_days = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.21
    days = 1553
    random_days = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.19
    days = 1855
    
}
country_event = {
    id = gre.23
    days = 4912
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1934.1.26"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 2
    radical_socialist = 5
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 14
    social_liberal = 36
    market_liberal = 10
    social_conservative = 21
    authoritarian_democrat = 6
    paternal_autocrat = 5
    national_populist = 1
    
}
set_country_flag = {
    flag = gre_monarchist_sympathies
    value = 0
    
}
recruit_character = GRE_athanasios_klaras
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_siantos
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_zachariadis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_speras
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_beloyannis
recruit_character = GRE_kostas_gavriilides
recruit_character = GRE_nikos_ploumpidis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papanastasiou
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papandreou
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_kanellopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_themistoklis_sofoulis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsatsos
recruit_character = GRE_panagis_tsaldaris
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsaldaris
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_papagos
recruit_character = GRE_christodoulos_tsigantes
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_koryzis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_mercouris
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_glyksbourg
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_glyksbourg
recruit_character = GRE_pavlos_glyksbourg
recruit_character = GRE_vouli_ton_ellinon
activate_advisor = GRE_vouli_ton_ellinon_sic
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_tsouderos
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_tsolakoglou
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_athanasiadis_novas
recruit_character = GRE_agamemnon_schliemann
recruit_character = GRE_sotirios_gotzamanis
recruit_character = GRE_evangelos_averoff
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_dimitratos
recruit_character = GRE_stylianos_gonatas
recruit_character = GRE_markos_vafeiadis
recruit_character = GRE_charilaos_florakis
recruit_character = GRE_angelos_evert
recruit_character = GRE_napoleon_zervas
recruit_character = GRE_manolis_mantakas
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_bakopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_grivas
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_psarros
recruit_character = GRE_vasileios_vrachnos
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_davakis
recruit_character = GRE_stefanos_sarafis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_sakellariou
recruit_character = GRE_petros_voulgaris
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_toumbas
recruit_character = GRE_antonis_mezeviris
recruit_character = GRE_stylianos_lykoudis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_mazarakis_ainian
recruit_character = GRE_aristeidis_chasapidis
recruit_character = GRE_markos_drakos
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_manetas
recruit_character = GRE_sofoklis_dousmanis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_hatzikyriakos
recruit_character = GRE_spyridon_avgeris
recruit_character = GRE_christos_adamidis
recruit_character = GRE_michael_moutoussis
recruit_character = GRE_kostas_perrikos
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_alexandros_papagos
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_alexandros_papagos_target
    set_character_flag = GRE_royalist
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_napoleon_zervas
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_napoleon_zervas_target
    set_character_flag = GRE_royalist
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_georgios_grivas
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_georgios_grivas_target
    set_character_flag = GRE_royalist
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_georgios_siantos
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_georgios_siantos_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_konstantinos_speras
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_konstantinos_speras_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_athanasios_klaras
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_athanasios_klaras_target
    set_character_flag = GRE_socialist
    retire = yes
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_stefanos_sarafis
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_stefanos_sarafis_target
    set_character_flag = GRE_socialist
    retire = yes
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_alexandros_glyksbourg
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_alexandros_glyksbourg_target
    retire = yes
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_georgios_glyksbourg
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_georgios_glyksbourg_target
    retire = yes
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = GRE_pavlos_glyksbourg
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = GRE_pavlos_glyksbourg_target
    retire = yes
    
}
