capital = 592
set_research_slots = 2
save_global_event_target_as = original_liangguang
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = arms_factory
    level = 2
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = industrial_complex
    level = 4
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 4
    syndicalist = 2
    social_democrat = 15
    social_liberal = 32
    market_liberal = 11
    social_conservative = 6
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 29
    national_populist = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    GXC_factionalism
    GXC_AOG_leftovers
    GXC_divided_military
    GXC_backwards_guangxi
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lngkmt.19
    days = 399
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lngkmt.20
    days = 650
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lngkmt.21
    days = 230
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lngkmt.22
    days = 611
    
}
recruit_character = GXC_chen_jiongming
recruit_character = GXC_chen_mingshu
recruit_character = GXC_chen_qiyou
recruit_character = GXC_chen_lianbo
recruit_character = GXC_li_zongren
recruit_character = GXC_ma_ji
recruit_character = GXC_chen_jitang
recruit_character = GXC_jiang_guangnai
recruit_character = GXC_lin_hu
recruit_character = GXC_lu_yuguang
recruit_character = GXC_cai_tingkai
recruit_character = GXC_li_pinxian
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_gan
recruit_character = GXC_hong_zhaolin
recruit_character = GXC_huang_qixiang
recruit_character = GXC_liu_fei
recruit_character = GXC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = GXC_ye_ju
recruit_character = GXC_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = GXC_yu_zuobai
recruit_character = GXC_li_qingwen
recruit_character = GXC_chen_ce
recruit_character = GXC_lu_rongting
recruit_character = GXC_chen_yansheng
recruit_character = GXC_huang_shaohong
recruit_character = GXC_zhong_xiunan
recruit_character = GXC_wei_bangping
recruit_character = GXC_tan_pingshan
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_dongsun
recruit_character = GXC_mao_chaojun
recruit_character = GXC_zhang_huichang
recruit_character = GXC_tan_gen
recruit_character = GXC_huang_zhenqiu
recruit_character = GXC_lin_weicheng
recruit_character = GXC_chen_lianzhong
activate_advisor = GXC_lu_rongting_sic
GXC_chen_jiongming = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_chen_mingshu = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_chen_qiyou = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_chen_lianbo = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_chen_jitang = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_jiang_guangnai = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_lin_hu = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_cai_tingkai = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_hong_zhaolin = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_huang_qixiang = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_ye_jianying = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_ye_ju = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_li_qingwen = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_chen_ce = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangdong_character
    
}
GXC_ma_ji = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    
}
GXC_lu_yuguang = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    
}
GXC_li_pinxian = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    
}
GXC_zhang_gan = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    
}
GXC_liu_fei = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    
}
GXC_li_zongren = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    retire = yes
    
}
GXC_bai_chongxi = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    retire = yes
    
}
GXC_yu_zuobai = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = GXC_guangxi_character
    retire = yes
    
}
GXC_lu_rongting = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_chen_yansheng = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_huang_shaohong = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_zhong_xiunan = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_wei_bangping = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_tan_pingshan = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_zhang_dongsun = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_mao_chaojun = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_zhang_huichang = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_tan_gen = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_huang_zhenqiu = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
GXC_lin_weicheng = {
    set_character_flag = GXC_neutral_character
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Bubing Zhen"
    division_names_group = "GXC_INF_01"
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
