capital = 602
oob = "HNN"
set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.4
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
LEP = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = ROOT
        autonomy_state = associated_governorate
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 7
    syndicalist = 7
    social_democrat = 6
    social_liberal = 17
    market_liberal = 10
    social_conservative = 32
    authoritarian_democrat = 6
    paternal_autocrat = 11
    national_populist = 4
    
}
add_ideas = {
    HNN_a_democratic_province
    HNN_perilous_industrial_sector
    HNN_intense_agricultural_imbalance
    HNN_intellectual_hub
    HNN_the_western_diarchy
    unequal_treaties
    
}
china_add_poor_army = yes
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 2
    
}
recruit_character = HNN_tang_shengzhi
recruit_character = HNN_zhao_hengti
recruit_character = HNN_cheng_qian
recruit_character = HNN_tang_xiangming
recruit_character = HNN_yuan_zuming
recruit_character = HNN_cai_hesen
recruit_character = HNN_tang_hualong
recruit_character = HNN_ren_bishi
recruit_character = HNN_huang_yanpei
recruit_character = HNN_zhou_shizhao
recruit_character = HNN_assorted_leaders
recruit_character = HNN_tang_shengming
recruit_character = HNN_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = HNN_he_jian
recruit_character = HNN_he_long
recruit_character = HNN_liu_jianxu
recruit_character = HNN_tao_guang
recruit_character = HNN_gong_hao
recruit_character = HNN_liu_xing
recruit_character = HNN_li_pinxian
recruit_character = HNN_song_xilian
recruit_character = HNN_yang_jie
recruit_character = HNN_li_minghao
recruit_character = HNN_he_yaozu
recruit_character = HNN_ye_kaixin
recruit_character = HNN_jiang_chuou
recruit_character = HNN_tao_zhiyue
recruit_character = HNN_gong_xian
recruit_character = HNN_chen_quzhen
recruit_character = HNN_tian_yingzhao
recruit_character = HNN_zhou_xicheng
recruit_character = HNN_long_yunfei
recruit_character = HNN_dai_jitao
recruit_character = HNN_yang_xuancheng
recruit_character = HNN_huang_gonglue
recruit_character = HNN_men_bingyue
recruit_character = HNN_tang_duo
recruit_character = HNN_qin_zhen
recruit_character = HNN_li_shizhang
recruit_character = HNN_lu_dao
recruit_character = HNN_zhao_junmai
recruit_character = HNN_qian_yongming
recruit_character = HNN_zhong_boyi
recruit_character = HNN_li_jiannong
recruit_character = HNN_wang_zhi
recruit_character = HNN_liu_zhesheng
recruit_character = HNN_hu_shuhua
recruit_character = HNN_huang_shiheng
recruit_character = HNN_hu_ying
recruit_character = HNN_ye_dehui
recruit_character = HNN_wang_tianpei
recruit_character = HNN_tan_yankai
recruit_character = HNN_zhang_huizan
recruit_character = HNN_tan_daoyuan
recruit_character = HNN_lu_dangping
recruit_character = HNN_lu_diping
recruit_character = HNN_zhao_yusong
HNN_zhao_hengti = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:federalists
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_he_yaozu = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_ye_kaixin = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_jiang_chuou = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_tao_zhiyue = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_gong_xian = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_li_jiannong = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_zhao_junmai = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_zhong_boyi = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_fed_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_tang_shengzhi = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:left_kuomintang
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_tang_shengming = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_he_jian = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_RCF_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_liu_jianxu = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_RCF_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_gong_hao = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_tao_guang = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_liu_xing = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_li_pinxian = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_cai_hesen = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:left_kuomintang
        
    }
    
}
HNN_he_long = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:left_kuomintang
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_peng_dehuai = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHI_PAC_military_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_huang_gonglue = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_tang_duo = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_men_bingyue = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_cheng_qian = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:right_kuomintang
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHI_RCF_military_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_song_xilian = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_RCF_military_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_yang_jie = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_RCF_military_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_li_minghao = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_RCF_military_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_qin_zhen = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_li_shizhang = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_KMT_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_tang_xiangming = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    set_character_flag = HNN_zhili_loyalist_flag
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
HNN_tang_hualong = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_zhili_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_yuan_zuming = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
HNN_tian_yingzhao = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
HNN_chen_quzhen = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
HNN_zhou_xicheng = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_zhili_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_long_yunfei = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_zhili_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_dai_jitao = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    set_character_flag = HNN_zhili_loyalist_flag
    retire = yes
    
}
HNN_zhao_yusong = {
    set_character_flag = HNN_zhili_loyalist_flag
    
}
HNN_assorted_leaders = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:chinese_republican
        
    }
    
}
HNN_yang_xuancheng = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
promote_character = {
    character = HNN_assorted_leaders
    ideology = social_democrat_subtype
    
}
promote_character = {
    character = HNN_assorted_leaders
    ideology = authoritarian_democrat_subtype
    
}
promote_character = {
    character = HNN_assorted_leaders
    ideology = radical_socialist_subtype
    
}
activate_advisor = HNN_li_jiannong_sic
activate_advisor = HNN_tang_xiangming_attache
set_variable = {
    HNN_size_small_var = 0.04
    
}
set_variable = {
    HNN_size_medium_var = 0.06
    
}
set_variable = {
    HNN_size_large_var = 0.08
    
}
set_variable = {
    HNN_zhao_election_percentage_var = 1.0
    
}
set_variable = {
    HNN_tang_election_percentage_var = 0.0
    
}
set_variable = {
    HNN_cheng_election_percentage_var = 0.0
    
}
