capital = 7
oob = "HOL"
set_naval_oob = "HOL_naval"
set_convoys = 400
set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.1
set_research_slots = 3
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    marines = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "HOL_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "HOL_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = {
    HOL_idea_ambtenarenverbod
    limited_conscription
    free_trade
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1933.05.24"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 2
    radical_socialist = 6
    syndicalist = 1
    social_democrat = 20
    social_liberal = 6
    market_liberal = 4
    social_conservative = 54
    authoritarian_democrat = 2
    paternal_autocrat = 5
    national_populist = 0
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.1
    hours = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.5
    days = 124
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.6
    days = 203
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.9
    days = 215
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.7
    days = 224
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.3
    days = 258
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.8
    days = 275
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.4
    days = 291
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.11
    days = 370
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.12
    days = 439
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holst.13
    days = 476
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.2500
    days = 180
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.45
    days = 609
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.20
    days = 650
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.54
    days = 679
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.1
    days = 788
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.21
    days = 788
    random_days = 5
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.55
    days = 794
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.60
    days = 830
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.66
    days = 830
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.67
    days = 830
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.31
    days = 865
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.26
    days = 943
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.52
    days = 993
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.53
    days = 1120
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.39
    days = 1151
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.27
    days = 1151
    random_days = 3
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.24
    days = 1157
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.57
    days = 1217
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.38
    days = 1373
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.56
    days = 1407
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.30
    days = 1613
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holpostel.68
    days = 1718
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.1
    days = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.2
    days = 167
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.3
    days = 188
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.12
    days = 242
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.8
    days = 584
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.1100
    days = 609
    random_days = 29
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.10
    days = 761
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.6
    days = 1085
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.5
    days = 1204
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.9
    days = 1241
    
}
country_event = {
    id = holflavor.7
    days = 1380
    
}
recruit_character = HOL_wilhelmina_van_orange_nassau
recruit_character = HOL_juliana_van_orange_nassau
recruit_character = HOL_david_wijnkoop
recruit_character = HOL_paul_de_groot
recruit_character = HOL_jacques_de_kadt
recruit_character = HOL_antonie_pannekoek
recruit_character = HOL_henk_sneevliet
recruit_character = HOL_willem_drees
recruit_character = HOL_adriaan_henri_gerhard
recruit_character = HOL_roelof_kranenburg
recruit_character = HOL_cornelis_lodewijk_van_der_bilt
recruit_character = HOL_carel_goseling
recruit_character = HOL_military_junta
recruit_character = HOL_henri_nicolas_alfred_swart
recruit_character = HOL_cornelis_van_geelkerken
recruit_character = HOL_states_general
recruit_character = HOL_johan_willem_albarda
recruit_character = HOL_willem_schermerhorn
recruit_character = HOL_pieter_jacobus_oud
recruit_character = HOL_dirk_jan_de_geer
recruit_character = HOL_hendrikus_colijn
recruit_character = HOL_louis_joseph_maria_beel
activate_advisor = HOL_hendrikus_colijn_sic
recruit_character = HOL_louis_de_visser
recruit_character = HOL_evert_kupers
recruit_character = HOL_abraham_menist
recruit_character = HOL_willem_van_ravensteyn
recruit_character = HOL_daniel_daan_goulooze
recruit_character = HOL_nicolaas_beuzemaker
recruit_character = HOL_servatius_protatius_baart
recruit_character = HOL_george_van_den_bergh
recruit_character = HOL_fedde_schurer
recruit_character = HOL_johan_willem_beyen
recruit_character = HOL_jacob_adriaan_nicolaas_patijn
recruit_character = HOL_dirk_uipko_stikker
recruit_character = HOL_jan_eduard_de_quay
recruit_character = HOL_josephus_robertus_hendricus_van_schaik
recruit_character = HOL_hugo_visscher
recruit_character = HOL_willem_bernhard_engelbrecht
recruit_character = HOL_coenraad_alfred_augustus_haighton
recruit_character = HOL_louis_einthoven
recruit_character = HOL_frederik_carel_gerretson
recruit_character = HOL_jan_tinbergen
recruit_character = HOL_tietse_pieter_sevensma
recruit_character = HOL_jacob_van_gelderen
recruit_character = HOL_izaak_reijnders
recruit_character = HOL_henri_winkelman
recruit_character = HOL_petrus_wilhelmus_best
recruit_character = HOL_willem_hackstroh
recruit_character = HOL_jakob_harberts
recruit_character = HOL_hendrik_seyffardt
recruit_character = HOL_gustave_statius_muller
recruit_character = HOL_herman_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = HOL_godfried_van_voorst_tot_voorst
recruit_character = HOL_jan_van_andel
recruit_character = HOL_hein_ter_poorten
recruit_character = HOL_johannes_furstner
recruit_character = HOL_karel_doorman
recruit_character = HOL_conrad_helfrich
recruit_character = HOL_jan_van_dulm
recruit_character = HOL_maarten_van_dulm
recruit_character = HOL_willem_jan_kruys
recruit_character = HOL_albertus_samuel_pinke
recruit_character = HOL_alfred_de_booy
recruit_character = HOL_ludolph_hendrik_van_oyen
recruit_character = HOL_marius_raaijmakers
recruit_character = HOL_floris_albert_van_heyst
recruit_character = HOL_gustav_adolf_ilgen
recruit_character = HOL_gerardus_johannes_berenschot
recruit_character = HOL_murk_boerstra
recruit_character = HOL_simon_spoor
HOL_gustav_adolf_ilgen = {
    set_character_flag = HOL_leader
    set_nationality = DEI
    
}
HOL_gerardus_johannes_berenschot = {
    set_character_flag = HOL_leader
    set_nationality = DEI
    
}
HOL_murk_boerstra = {
    set_character_flag = HOL_leader
    set_nationality = DEI
    
}
HOL_simon_spoor = {
    set_character_flag = HOL_leader
    set_nationality = DEI
    
}
HOL_johannes_furstner = {
    set_character_flag = HOL_leader
    
}
