capital = 312
oob = "HON"
set_convoys = 10
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "HON_air_bba"
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "HON_air_legacy"
    
}
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.35
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 12
    radical_socialist = 4
    syndicalist = 2
    social_democrat = 3
    social_liberal = 2
    market_liberal = 11
    social_conservative = 13
    authoritarian_democrat = 40
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 11
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = NIC
    modifier = NIC_revolutionary_threat
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    CEN_monroe_doctrine
    HON_peasant_republic
    HON_december_revolution
    HON_great_purge
    
}
country_event = {
    id = cafla.18
    days = 258
    
}
country_event = {
    id = honduras.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = honduras.2
    days = 90
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = CEN_unite_central_america
    target = THIS
    
}
recruit_character = HON_venancio_callejas_lozano
recruit_character = HON_jose_ramon_adolfo_villeda_morales
recruit_character = HON_jose_maria_moncada_tapia
recruit_character = HON_jose_angel_zuniga_huete
recruit_character = HON_juan_manuel_galvez_duron
recruit_character = HON_honduran_council
recruit_character = HON_jose_leon_castro
recruit_character = HON_arturo_martinez_galindo
recruit_character = HON_ramon_amaya_amador
recruit_character = HON_francisco_murillo_selva
recruit_character = HON_dionisio_romero_narvaez
recruit_character = HON_rafael_heliodoro_valle
recruit_character = HON_rafael_medina_raudales
recruit_character = HON_rafael_diaz_chavez
recruit_character = HON_ernesto_argueta_ayes
recruit_character = HON_mariano_bertrand_anduray
recruit_character = HON_abraham_williams_calderon
recruit_character = HON_julio_lozano_diaz
recruit_character = HON_rafael_camilo_rivera_reina
recruit_character = HON_jose_lino_zuniga
recruit_character = HON_justo_umana_alvarado
recruit_character = HON_calixto_carias_rodriguez
recruit_character = HON_william_edgar_coleman
recruit_character = HON_rufino_solis_juarez
recruit_character = HON_leonidas_pineda_maldonado
recruit_character = HON_joaquin_medina_planas
recruit_character = HON_luis_alonzo_fiallos
recruit_character = HON_jose_rafael_aguilar
recruit_character = HON_ramon_lisandro_garay_mejia
recruit_character = HON_salvador_machado_cisneros
recruit_character = HON_francisco_martinez_funes
HON_arturo_martinez_galindo = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
HON_ramon_amaya_amador = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
HON_francisco_murillo_selva = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
HON_juan_manuel_galvez_duron = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_liberal
    
}
HON_juan_manuel_galvez_duron = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
HON_mariano_bertrand_anduray = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
HON_abraham_williams_calderon = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
HON_julio_lozano_diaz = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
