capital = 100
oob = ICE
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.15
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = {
    disarmed_nation
    ICE_Personal_Union
    ICE_ailing_economy
    ICE_CWCS
    ICE_Guttoslagurinn
    
}
DEN = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = ICE
        autonomy_state = kr_autonomous_puppet
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1934.6.24"
    election_frequency = 36
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 6
    syndicalist = 8
    social_democrat = 19
    social_liberal = 24
    market_liberal = 2
    social_conservative = 37
    authoritarian_democrat = 1
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.9996
    days = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.9997
    days = 8
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.9998
    days = 17
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.9999
    days = 27
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.170
    days = 584
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.172
    days = 104
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ice.250
    days = 505
    
}
recruit_character = ICE_brynjolfur_bjarnason
recruit_character = ICE_hannibal_valdimarsson
recruit_character = ICE_jon_baldvinsson
recruit_character = ICE_stefan_johann_stefansson
recruit_character = ICE_asgeir_asgeirsson
recruit_character = ICE_olafur_thors
recruit_character = ICE_sveinn_bjornsson
recruit_character = ICE_thor_thors
recruit_character = ICE_agnar_kofoed_hansen
recruit_character = ICE_niels_juel_brockdorff
recruit_character = ICE_soren_arendrup
recruit_character = ICE_althingishus
activate_advisor = ICE_althingishus_sic
recruit_character = ICE_finnur_jonsson
recruit_character = ICE_bjarni_asgeirsson
recruit_character = ICE_emil_jonsson
recruit_character = ICE_bjarni_benediktsson
recruit_character = ICE_sigurdur_hlidar
recruit_character = ICE_bergur_jonsson
recruit_character = ICE_finlay_crerar
recruit_character = ICE_hermann_jonasson
recruit_character = ICE_ib_riis
every_unit_leader = {
    set_character_flag = ICE_leader
    
}
