capital = 286
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    jungle_warfare = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_guerilla_warfare = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = radical_socialist
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 18
    radical_socialist = 40
    syndicalist = 19
    social_democrat = 23
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 0
    
}
random_list = {
    20 = {
        set_country_flag = INC_Full_Anarchist
        
    }
    10 = {
        set_country_flag = INC_Full_Syndie
        
    }
    30 = {
        set_country_flag = INC_Full_Vanguardist
        
    }
    40 = 
    
}
add_ideas = {
    INC_Guerilla_Tradition
    INC_vietminh
    INC_poor_army_idea_1
    INC_apathetic_people_idea_1
    
}
recruit_character = INC_pham_van_dong
recruit_character = INC_ta_thu_thau
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_an_ninh
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_thai_hoc
recruit_character = INC_bui_quang_chieu
recruit_character = INC_truong_tu_anh
recruit_character = INC_vo_nguyen_giap
recruit_character = INC_chu_van_tan
recruit_character = INC_hoang_van_thai
recruit_character = INC_van_tien_dung
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_son
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_chi_thanh
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_binh
recruit_character = INC_ta_xuan_thu
recruit_character = INC_tran_van_giang
recruit_character = INC_hoang_van_hoan
recruit_character = INC_le_hong_phong
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_duy_thai
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_phan_chanh
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_van_tao
recruit_character = INC_ta_quang_buu
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_thi_nam
recruit_character = INC_tran_quoc_hoan
recruit_character = INC_tran_van_don
recruit_character = INC_truong_boi_cong
recruit_character = INC_tran_van_tra
recruit_character = INC_nguyen_bat_phat
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = INC_nguyen_son
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = INC_nguyen_son_target
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Su doan Bo binh"
    division_names_group = INC_INF_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 2
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 2
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 2
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Bo doi Dia phuong"
    division_names_group = INC_MLT_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    template_counter = 68
    
}
