capital = 113
oob = "IRE"
set_naval_oob = "IRE_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 30
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_military_police = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aa_lmg = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = {
    IRE_DEFENCE
    limited_conscription
    
}
set_variable = {
    ire_loyalist_tensions = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    ire_loyalist_escalation = 0
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1932.12.5"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 5
    syndicalist = 10
    social_democrat = 5
    social_liberal = 3
    market_liberal = 3
    social_conservative = 13
    authoritarian_democrat = 46
    paternal_autocrat = 7
    national_populist = 5
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ireland.53
    days = 15
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ireland.55
    days = 113
    
}
news_event = {
    id = worldnews.482
    days = 227
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ireland.57
    days = 1117
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ireland.240
    days = 1461
    random_days = 120
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ireland.241
    days = 37
    random_days = 5
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ireland.3000
    days = 350
    random_days = 20
    
}
recruit_character = IRE_sean_murray
recruit_character = IRE_jim_larkin
recruit_character = IRE_peadar_odonnell
recruit_character = IRE_cathal_brugha
recruit_character = IRE_eamon_de_valera
recruit_character = IRE_sean_lemass
recruit_character = IRE_frank_macdermot
recruit_character = IRE_michael_collins
recruit_character = IRE_gearoid_o_cuinneagain
recruit_character = IRE_padraic_o_maille
recruit_character = IRE_jorge_maria_oneill
recruit_character = IRE_jim_gralton
recruit_character = IRE_william_x_obrien
recruit_character = IRE_bill_gannon
recruit_character = IRE_thomas_johnson
recruit_character = IRE_sean_t_okelly
recruit_character = IRE_wt_cosgrave
recruit_character = IRE_james_dillon
recruit_character = IRE_eoin_oduffy
recruit_character = IRE_alexander_mccabe
recruit_character = IRE_richard_mulcahy
recruit_character = IRE_liam_lynch
recruit_character = IRE_hugo_macneill
recruit_character = IRE_tom_barry
recruit_character = IRE_jj_oconnell
recruit_character = IRE_daniel_mckenna
recruit_character = IRE_daniel_hogan
recruit_character = IRE_seamus_o_muiris
recruit_character = IRE_john_charles_mcquaid
recruit_character = IRE_ernest_blythe
recruit_character = IRE_douglas_hyde
recruit_character = IRE_eoin_macneill
recruit_character = IRE_benjamin_farrington
recruit_character = IRE_noel_browne
recruit_character = IRE_george_gilmore
recruit_character = IRE_roddy_connolly
recruit_character = IRE_joseph_brennan
recruit_character = IRE_harry_ferguson
recruit_character = IRE_roy_c_geary
recruit_character = IRE_james_martin
recruit_character = IRE_timothy_smiddy
recruit_character = IRE_ernest_walton
recruit_character = IRE_liam_archer
recruit_character = IRE_michael_brennan
recruit_character = IRE_dan_bryan
recruit_character = IRE_michael_j_costello
recruit_character = IRE_emmet_dalton
recruit_character = IRE_martin_doyle
recruit_character = IRE_wre_murphy
recruit_character = IRE_john_t_prout
recruit_character = IRE_sean_russell
recruit_character = IRE_r_erskine_childers
recruit_character = IRE_anthony_t_lawlor
recruit_character = IRE_standish_ogrady_roche
recruit_character = IRE_paddy_saul
recruit_character = IRE_boyle_somerville
recruit_character = IRE_henry_hg_stoker
recruit_character = IRE_william_p_delamere
recruit_character = IRE_james_fitzmaurice
recruit_character = IRE_herbert_c_irwin
recruit_character = IRE_william_mcsweeney
recruit_character = IRE_patrick_a_mulcahy
recruit_character = IRE_cf_russell
IRE_jorge_maria_oneill = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
activate_advisor = IRE_eoin_oduffy_sic
