capital = 159
oob = "ITA"
set_naval_oob = "ITA_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 60
set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.2
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    naval_bomber1 = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    aluminum_production_1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_gw_railway_gun = 1
    shocktroops = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.103
    days = 481
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.104
    days = 158
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.108
    days = 103
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.109
    days = 141
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.16
    days = 2617
    random_days = 35
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.17
    days = 2677
    random_days = 35
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ita.106
    days = 4243
    random_days = 5
    
}
759 = {
    state_event = {
        id = ita.105
        days = 290
        trigger_for = owner
        
    }
    
}
VNC = {
    country_event = {
        id = venice.37
        days = 476
        random_days = 80
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = venice.36
        days = 841
        random_days = 90
        
    }
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "PAP"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SRD"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SRI"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SIC"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "EMI"
    value = 1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1932.05.01"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 2
    social_democrat = 4
    social_liberal = 31
    market_liberal = 11
    social_conservative = 18
    authoritarian_democrat = 13
    paternal_autocrat = 3
    national_populist = 18
    
}
add_ideas = ITA_republic_federation
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_ferdinando
recruit_character = ITA_adriano_visconti
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_gronchi
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_einaudi
recruit_character = ITA_marcello_soleri
recruit_character = ITA_ivanoe_bonomi
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_rosselli
recruit_character = ITA_Federico_Comandini
recruit_character = ITA_Giovanni_Uberti
recruit_character = ITA_Augusto_de_Marsenisch
recruit_character = ITA_Cesare_Forni
recruit_character = ITA_Meuccio_Ruini
recruit_character = ITA_Mario_Abbiate
recruit_character = ITA_Carlo_Schanzer
recruit_character = ITA_Luigi_Gasparotto
recruit_character = ITA_Anonio_Mosconi
recruit_character = ITA_Duccio_Galimberti
recruit_character = ITA_Alessandro_Pavolini
recruit_character = ITA_Nicolo_Carandini
recruit_character = ITA_Ezio_Vanoni
recruit_character = ITA_Roberto_Tremelloni
recruit_character = ITA_Giovanni_Conti
recruit_character = ITA_Arrigo_Solmi
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_tellera
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_ranza
recruit_character = ITA_mario_stoppani
recruit_character = ITA_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_piacentini
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_fioravanzo
activate_advisor = ITA_Federico_Comandini_sic
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_bastico
recruit_character = ITA_annibale_bergonzoli
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_pariani
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_arnaldo_azzi
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_gabriele_nasci
recruit_character = ITA_italo_gariboldi
recruit_character = ITA_venanzio_gabrotti
recruit_character = ITA_fedele_de_giorgis
recruit_character = ITA_domenico_mondelli
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_gino_pavesi
recruit_character = ITA_raffaele_de_courten
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_costanzo_ciano
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_galati
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = ITA_carlo_bergamini_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = ITA_pietro_ferdinando
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = ITA_pietro_ferdinando_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = ITA_adriano_visconti
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = ITA_adriano_visconti_target
    
}
ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_luigi_einaudi = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_ivanoe_bonomi = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_emilio_de_bono = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_alberto_pariani = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_italo_gariboldi = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_fedele_de_giorgis = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_raffaele_de_courten = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_lombard_leader
    
}
ITA_alberto_da_zara = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_venetian_admiral
    
}
ITA_gino_pavesi = {
    set_character_flag = ITA_venetian_admiral
    
}
