capital = 282
oob = "JAP"
set_naval_oob = "JAP_naval"
set_stability = 0.75
set_war_support = 0.65
set_fuel_ratio = 0.75
set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 300
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    fuel_silos = 1
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_military_police = 1
    marines = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    cv_early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    naval_bomber1 = 1
    fighter1 = 1
    tactical_bomber1 = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    cv_CAS1 = 1
    heavy_fighter1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    aluminum_production_1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_gw_railway_gun = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
        basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        ship_hull_super_heavy = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        improved_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        heavy_battleship = 1
        early_carrier = 1
        basic_carrier = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japfor.1
    days = 7
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.6
    days = 135
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.8
    days = 153
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japfor.500
    days = 237
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.56
    days = 658
    random = 360
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.45
    days = 714
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.53
    days = 1247
    
}
news_event = {
    id = worldnews.483
    days = 1688
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.57
    days = 1754
    
}
country_event = {
    id = literature.12
    days = 2160
    
}
country_event = {
    id = japdom.58
    days = 2591
    
}
add_ideas = {
    JAP_narrow_rail
    JAP_bad_land
    JAP_no_army_focus
    FNG_mantetsu_profits
    limited_conscription
    limited_exports
    low_economic_mobilisation
    
}
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = FNG_mantetsu_profits_modifier
    scope = FNG
    
}
give_guarantee = FNG
add_to_array = {
    FNG.guarantor_array = JAP
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = QIE
    modifier = embargo
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1932.2.20"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 2
    social_democrat = 3
    social_liberal = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 8
    market_liberal = 27
    social_conservative = 51
    paternal_autocrat = 3
    national_populist = 1
    
}
create_faction = co_prosperity_sphere
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
        
    }
    every_country = {
        limit = {
            is_ally_with = JAP
            
        }
        add_to_tech_sharing_group = japan_research
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = JAP_hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_yasuhito
recruit_character = JAP_arahata_kanson
recruit_character = JAP_katayama_tetsu
recruit_character = JAP_ishibashi_tanzan
recruit_character = JAP_yoshida_shigeru
recruit_character = JAP_kishi_nobusuke
recruit_character = JAP_terauchi_hisaichi
recruit_character = JAP_hata_shunroku
recruit_character = JAP_ishiwara_kanji
recruit_character = JAP_higashikuni_naruhiko
recruit_character = JAP_itagaki_seishiro
recruit_character = JAP_adachi_hatazo
recruit_character = JAP_araki_sadao
recruit_character = JAP_koiso_kuniaki
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_haruhito
recruit_character = JAP_yamashita_tomoyuki
recruit_character = JAP_muto_akira
recruit_character = JAP_tanaka_shizuichi
recruit_character = JAP_okamura_yasuji
recruit_character = JAP_nishio_toshizo
recruit_character = JAP_ando_rikichi
recruit_character = JAP_sakai_takashi
recruit_character = JAP_doihara_kenji
recruit_character = JAP_ueda_kenkichi
recruit_character = JAP_honjo_shigeru
recruit_character = JAP_umezu_yoshijiro
recruit_character = JAP_yamada_otozo
recruit_character = JAP_matsui_iwane
recruit_character = JAP_fujie_keisuke
recruit_character = JAP_higuchi_kiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_homma_masaharu
recruit_character = JAP_hyakutake_harukichi
recruit_character = JAP_iimura_jo
recruit_character = JAP_imamura_hitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_yamamoto_isoroku
recruit_character = JAP_koga_mineichi
recruit_character = JAP_hasegawa_kiyoshi
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_shigeyoshi
recruit_character = JAP_kondo_nobutake
recruit_character = JAP_takagi_takeo
recruit_character = JAP_toyoda_soemu
recruit_character = JAP_ozawa_jisaburo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshida_zengo
recruit_character = JAP_daigo_tadashige
recruit_character = JAP_hyakutake_gengo
recruit_character = JAP_yamaguchi_tamon
recruit_character = JAP_nagumo_chuichi
recruit_character = JAP_okawa_shumei
recruit_character = JAP_nakano_seigo
recruit_character = JAP_hashimoto_kingoro
recruit_character = JAP_suetsugu_nobumasa
recruit_character = JAP_goto_fumio
recruit_character = JAP_minobe_tatsukichi
recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara
recruit_character = JAP_ozaki_yukio
recruit_character = JAP_fujiwara_ginjiro
recruit_character = JAP_godo_takuo
recruit_character = JAP_ikeda_shigeaki
recruit_character = JAP_matsuoka_yosuke
recruit_character = JAP_kido_koichi
recruit_character = JAP_imperial_diet
recruit_character = JAP_inukai_tsuyoshi
recruit_character = JAP_suzuki_kisaburo
recruit_character = JAP_mizuno_rentaro
recruit_character = JAP_hamaguchi_osachi
recruit_character = JAP_ugaki_kazushige
recruit_character = JAP_machida_chuji
recruit_character = JAP_adachi_kenzo
recruit_character = JAP_maeda_yonezo
recruit_character = JAP_hatoyama_ichiro
recruit_character = JAP_yoshizawa_kenkichi
recruit_character = JAP_abe_isoo
recruit_character = JAP_katayama_testu
recruit_character = JAP_hiranuma_kiichiro
recruit_character = JAP_konoe_fumimaro
recruit_character = JAP_kuhara_furanosuke
recruit_character = JAP_hayashi_senjuro
recruit_character = JAP_nagata_tetsuzan
activate_advisor = JAP_inukai_tsuyoshi_sic
recruit_character = JAP_sugawara_michio
recruit_character = JAP_ugaki_matome
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_nishi_yoshizaku
recruit_character = JAP_sugiyama_hajime
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_nagano_osami
recruit_character = JAP_shimada_shigetaro
recruit_character = JAP_tsukahara_nishizo
recruit_character = JAP_teramoto_kumaichi
recruit_character = JAP_nishina_yoshio
recruit_character = JAP_obata_toshiro
recruit_character = JAP_tokugawa_yoshitoshi
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = JAP_develop_chosen_tungsten_mines1
    target = JAP
    
}
