capital = 525
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
set_research_slots = 2
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 10
    syndicalist = 15
    social_democrat = 47
    social_liberal = 11
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 2
    paternal_autocrat = 1
    national_populist = 0
    
}
recruit_Character = KOR_pak_hon_yong
recruit_Character = KOR_kim_wonbong
recruit_character = KOR_kim_koo
recruit_character = KOR_lyuh_woon_hyung
recruit_character = KOR_jo_so_ang
recruit_character = KOR_chough_pyung_ok
recruit_character = KOR_yi_kang
recruit_character = KOR_yi_un
recruit_character = KOR_lee_beom_seok
recruit_character = KOR_ji_cheong_cheon
recruit_character = KOR_kim_suk_won
recruit_character = KOR_lee_eung_jun
recruit_character = KOR_kim_hong_il
recruit_character = KOR_sohn_won_yil
recruit_character = KOR_kim_kyu_sik
recruit_character = KOR_ho_hon
recruit_character = KOR_baek_nam_un
recruit_character = KOR_yi_si_yeong
recruit_character = KOR_yun_posun
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_ho_sang
recruit_character = KOR_chang_taek_sang
recruit_character = KOR_heo_jeong
recruit_character = KOR_baek_du_jin
recruit_character = KOR_choi_yong_duk
recruit_character = KOR_cho_bong_am
recruit_character = KOR_chae_byeong_deok
recruit_character = KOR_shin_sung_mo
recruit_character = KOR_ryu_dong_yeol
recruit_character = KOR_jang_duk_chang
KOR_kim_wonbong = {
    set_nationality = CHI
    
}
KOR_kim_hong_il = {
    set_nationality = YUN
    
}
