capital = 1083
oob = "KUM"
set_research_slots = 2
complete_national_focus = KUM_nasir_reign
set_variable = {
    var = KUM_turkic_influence
    value = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = KUM_chinese_influence
    value = 30
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = KUM_military_influence
    value = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = kumul.0
    days = 1
    
}
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    
}
QIE = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = ROOT
        autonomy_state = kr_autonomous_governorate
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 6
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 17
    authoritarian_democrat = 20
    paternal_autocrat = 57
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    KUM_legacy_masqud
    KUM_keeping_peace
    
}
china_add_poor_army = yes
recruit_character = KUM_nasir_shah
recruit_character = KUM_bashir_shah
recruit_character = KUM_yulbars_khan
recruit_character = KUM_hoja_niyaz_haji
recruit_character = KUM_mahmut_muhiti
recruit_character = KUM_khans_court
recruit_character = KUM_liu_xizeng
recruit_character = KUM_li_qian
recruit_character = KUM_sengchen_thubbstan_tshering
recruit_character = KUM_tahir_beg
recruit_character = KUM_ma_fuyuan
recruit_character = KUM_ma_zhancang
recruit_character = KUM_dalelkhan_sugirbayev
recruit_character = KUM_luo_wengan
recruit_character = KUM_ospan_batyr
recruit_character = KUM_pau_tisan
recruit_character = KUM_kemal_kaya_efendi
recruit_character = KUM_ma_zhongjie
recruit_character = KUM_kalibek_rakhimbekovich
recruit_character = KUM_zhang_chunxi
activate_advisor = KUM_khans_court_sic
KUM_nasir_shah = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:manchu_qing
        
    }
    
}
KUM_bashir_shah = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:manchu_qing
        
    }
    
}
KUM_yulbars_khan = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:manchu_qing
        
    }
    
}
