capital = 12
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 5
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 2
    radical_socialist = 25
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 15
    social_liberal = 8
    market_liberal = 7
    social_conservative = 11
    authoritarian_democrat = 28
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 2
    
}
add_ideas = {
    LAT_dualism
    LAT_desesperate_situation
    LAT_disorganised_economy
    LAT_army_0
    LAT_remember_riga
    LAT_EST_roads_to_riga_1
    limited_conscription
    
}
recruit_character = LAT_jekabs_peterss
recruit_character = LAT_ernests_morics
recruit_character = LAT_pauls_kalnins
recruit_character = LAT_constitutional_assembly
recruit_character = LAT_margers_skujenieks
recruit_character = LAT_peteris_jurasevskis
recruit_character = LAT_janis_kurelis
recruit_character = LAT_karlis_ulmanis
recruit_character = LAT_kristaps_upelnieks
recruit_character = LAT_gustavs_celmins
recruit_character = LAT_vilis_lacis
recruit_character = LAT_alfreds_bilmanis
recruit_character = LAT_julijs_danisevskis
recruit_character = LAT_karlis_karlsons
recruit_character = LAT_janis_kaminskis
recruit_character = LAT_alberts_kviesis
recruit_character = LAT_janis_balodis
recruit_character = LAT_kornelijs_veitmanis
recruit_character = LAT_ludwig_adamovich
recruit_character = LAT_janis_fridrihsons
recruit_character = LAT_martins_penikis
recruit_character = LAT_oskars_dankers
recruit_character = LAT_teodors_spade
recruit_character = LAT_peteris_radzins
recruit_character = LAT_eduards_kalnins
recruit_character = LAT_vilis_janums
recruit_character = LAT_janis_berzins
recruit_character = LAT_janis_indans
recruit_character = LAT_arturs_silgailis
recruit_character = LAT_voldemars_ozols
recruit_character = LAT_army_reform_council
LAT_jekabs_peterss = {
    set_nationality = BAT
    
}
LAT_ernests_morics = {
    set_nationality = BAT
    
}
LAT_pauls_kalnins = {
    set_nationality = BAT
    
}
BAT = {
    LAT_jekabs_peterss = {
        promote_character = totalist_subtype
        promote_character = radical_socialist_subtype
        
    }
    LAT_ernests_morics = {
        promote_character = syndicalist_subtype
        
    }
    LAT_pauls_kalnins = {
        promote_character = social_democrat_subtype
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Kajnieku divizija"
    division_names_group = LAT_INF_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Jatnieku divizija"
    division_names_group = LAT_CAV_01
    regiments = {
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Aizsargi brigƒÅde"
    division_names_group = LAT_INF_01
    regiments = {
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        irregular_infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
create_equipment_variant = {
    name = "Spidola Class"
    type = ship_hull_submarine_1
    name_group = LAT_SS_HISTORICAL
    parent_version = 0
    modules = {
        fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
        fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
        rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
        
    }
    
}
create_equipment_variant = {
    name = "Cesis Class"
    type = ship_hull_light_1
    name_group = LAT_DD_HISTORICAL
    parent_version = 0
    modules = {
        fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
        fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
        fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
        fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
        fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
        fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
        mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
        rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
        
    }
    
}
