capital = 451
oob = "LBA"
set_research_slots = 1
set_convoys = 20
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    camelry = 1
    camo = 1
    desertinfantry_at = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    jngdst_clothes_gw = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    LBA_home_of_the_Senussi
    LBA_ottoman_naval_penetration
    isolation
    limited_exports
    limited_conscription
    
}
1009 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_2
    
}
273 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    
}
448 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    
}
452 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    
}
514 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    
}
910 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    
}
515 = {
    set_state_flag = lba_zawiya_1
    set_state_flag = blocked_caravan
    
}
556 = {
    set_state_flag = blocked_caravan
    
}
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = senussi_volunteers_dynamic_modifier
    
}
set_variable = {
    waf_route = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    alg_route = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    nig_route = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    cam_route = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    con_route = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    siw_route = 20
    
}
activate_mission = LBA_waf_Timbuktu_Bilma_Caravan
activate_mission = LBA_alg_Tuat_Murzuq_Caravan
activate_mission = LBA_siw_Siwa_Benghazi_Caravan
activate_mission = LBA_con_Congo_Wadai_Caravan
activate_mission = LBA_cam_Cameroon_Wadai_Caravan
activate_mission = LBA_nig_Nigeria_Wadai_Caravan
lba_evaluate_volunteers = yes
lba_recalculate_caravan_total = yes
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = NFA
    modifier = KR_hostile
    
}
reverse_add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = NFA
    modifier = KR_hostile
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.2
    days = 700
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.10
    days = 1295
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.15
    days = 200
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.16
    days = 400
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.29
    days = 450
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.17
    days = 500
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.19
    days = 600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.24
    days = 702
    
}
country_event = {
    id = libya.32
    days = 800
    
}
TUR = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = LBA
        autonomy_state = ottoman_emirate
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 19
    paternal_autocrat = 58
    national_populist = 23
    
}
recruit_character = LBA_az_zubayr_bin_ahmad_as_sharif
recruit_character = LBA_senussi_regency_council
recruit_character = LBA_idris
recruit_character = LBA_umar_al_mukhtar
recruit_character = LBA_yousaf_borahil_al_msmare
recruit_character = LBA_omar_shegewi
recruit_character = LBA_omar_faiek_shennib
recruit_character = LBA_senussi_cartographers
recruit_character = LBA_senussi_spy_ring
recruit_character = LBA_well_armed_bannermen
recruit_character = LBA_pliant_authorities
recruit_character = LBA_as_siddig_al_mutassir
recruit_character = LBA_yousef_borheil_al_massari
recruit_character = LBA_senussi_military_council
