capital = 553
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_research_slots = 2
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 5
    syndicalist = 3
    social_democrat = 8
    social_liberal = 13
    market_liberal = 12
    social_conservative = 15
    authoritarian_democrat = 34
    paternal_autocrat = 1
    national_populist = 6
    
}
add_ideas = {
    LEB_economic_upheaval
    LEB_legacy_of_the_mutasarrifate
    LEB_ethnic_and_sectarian_divides
    
}
recruit_character = LEB_farajallah_el_helou
recruit_character = LEB_kamal_jumblatt
recruit_character = LEB_saeb_salam
recruit_character = LEB_emile_edde
recruit_character = LEB_bechara_el_khoury
recruit_character = LEB_fuad_chehab
recruit_character = LEB_charles_helou
recruit_character = LEB_provisional_parliament_of_lebanon
recruit_character = LEB_patriarch_antoine_peter_arida
recruit_character = LEB_pierre_gemayel
recruit_character = LEB_emile_boustany
recruit_character = LEB_youssef_chmeit
recruit_character = LEB_farid_jubran
recruit_character = LEB_abdallah_yafi
recruit_character = LEB_aref_abu_chakra
recruit_character = LEB_petro_trad
recruit_character = LEB_raymond_edde
recruit_character = LEB_boutros_el_khoury
recruit_character = LEB_khaled_chehab
recruit_character = LEB_william_hawi
activate_advisor = LEB_khaled_chehab_sic
recruit_character = LEB_youssef_ibrahim_yazbek
recruit_character = LEB_aref_abdul_qadir_al_nomani
recruit_character = LEB_ayoub_tabet
recruit_character = LEB_khalil_mahmoud_taqi_al_din
recruit_character = LEB_abdul_hamid_karami
recruit_character = LEB_youssef_el_sawda
recruit_character = LEB_alfred_naqqache
recruit_character = LEB_artin_madoyan
recruit_character = LEB_shawkat_shukayr
recruit_character = LEB_mohiuddin_zakaria_nasouli
recruit_character = LEB_abdallah_beyum
recruit_character = LEB_camille_chamoun
recruit_character = LEB_hamid_beik_frangieh
recruit_character = LEB_suleiman_frangieh
recruit_character = LEB_muhammad_jamil_beyhum
recruit_character = LEB_selim_takla
recruit_character = LEB_majid_arslan
recruit_character = LEB_charles_corm
recruit_character = LEB_farid_shehab
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = LEB_bechara_el_khoury
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = LEB_bechara_el_khoury_target
    
}
