capital = 613
oob = "LEP"
set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.3
set_convoys = 10
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_cosmetic_tag = LEP_LEP
country_lock_all_division_template = yes
declare_war_on = {
    target = CHI
    type = civil_war
    
}
add_civil_war_target = CHI
diplomatic_relation = {
    country = GEA
    relation = non_aggression_pact
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 8
    market_liberal = 15
    social_conservative = 7
    authoritarian_democrat = 15
    paternal_autocrat = 45
    national_populist = 10
    
}
add_ideas = {
    LEP_Conspicuous_Kleptocracy
    LEP_Nanking_Kommission
    LEP_Tsingtau_Collaboration2
    LEP_eight_provinces_allied_armies
    LEP_units_bonus
    unequal_treaties
    
}
china_add_poor_army = yes
set_variable = {
    var = LEP_tsingtau_level
    value = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lepcollapse.1
    days = 3
    
}
recruit_character = LEP_board_of_directors
recruit_character = LEP_dai_chunfeng_dummy
recruit_character = LEP_song_qingling_dummy
recruit_character = LEP_chen_duxiu_dummy
recruit_character = LEP_shen_junru
recruit_character = LEP_chu_fucheng
recruit_character = LEP_li_linsi
recruit_character = LEP_li_baozhang
recruit_character = LEP_rong_zongjing
recruit_character = LEP_assorted_leaders
recruit_character = LEP_sun_chuanfang
recruit_character = LEP_qi_xieyuan
activate_advisor = LEP_qi_xieyuan_sic
recruit_character = LEP_tian_wenbing
recruit_character = LEP_zhang_xinyi
recruit_character = LEP_ding_wenjiang
recruit_character = LEP_wei_daofeng
recruit_character = LEP_tang_erhe
recruit_character = LEP_li_erkang
recruit_character = LEP_yang_wenkai
recruit_character = LEP_ouyang_wu
recruit_character = LEP_li_chenggan
recruit_character = LEP_hermann_kriebel
recruit_character = LEP_liu_zongji
recruit_character = LEP_chen_yi
recruit_character = LEP_zheng_junyan
recruit_character = LEP_deng_ruzhuo
recruit_character = LEP_zhou_yinren
recruit_character = LEP_shangguan_yunxiang
recruit_character = LEP_zhou_fengqi
recruit_character = LEP_tang_enbo
recruit_character = LEP_ma_yuren
recruit_character = LEP_xie_hongxun
recruit_character = LEP_meng_zhaoyue
recruit_character = LEP_shi_yousan
recruit_character = LEP_qian_zongze
recruit_character = LEP_wang_haoji
recruit_character = LEP_ge_jingen
recruit_character = LEP_lin_wei
recruit_character = LEP_guo_chan
recruit_character = LEP_zhou_yan
recruit_character = LEP_li_rentao
recruit_character = LEP_xu_peigen
recruit_character = LEP_fang_benren
recruit_character = LEP_nanjing_clique_theorist
recruit_character = LEP_zhejun_officers_theorist
recruit_character = LEP_german_trained_officers_theorist
LEP_lin_wei = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
LEP_guo_chan = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
LEP_zhou_yan = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
LEP_li_rentao = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
LEP_xu_peigen = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
LEP_fang_benren = {
    set_character_flag = CHI_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
recruit_character = LEP_li_shijia
recruit_character = LEP_wu_zhennan
recruit_character = LEP_wang_shouting
recruit_character = LEP_shen_jingchen
recruit_character = ANQ_sa_benxin
recruit_character = LEP_chen_qixia
recruit_character = LEP_wang_tianxiang
LEP_sun_chuanfang = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:southern_zhili
        
    }
    
}
LEP_qi_xieyuan = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:southern_zhili
        
    }
    
}
promote_character = {
    character = LEP_li_linsi
    ideology = authoritarian_democrat_subtype
    
}
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 3
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lep.206
    days = 1521
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lep.207
    days = 762
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lep.208
    days = 81
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lep.209
    days = 285
    
}
country_event = {
    id = lep.210
    days = 285
    
}
