capital = 96
oob = "LIT"
set_naval_oob = "LIT_naval"
set_convoys = 50
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    fighter1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LIT.1
    hours = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LIT.21
    days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.1
    days = 44
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.3
    days = 129
    random_days = 72
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.4
    days = 366
    random_days = 336
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.6
    days = 400
    random_days = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.8
    days = 731
    random_days = 365
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.9
    days = 831
    random_days = 365
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.11
    days = 700
    random_days = 168
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.12
    days = 232
    random_days = 48
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.13
    days = 650
    random_days = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.15
    days = 1607
    random_days = 168
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.16
    days = 74
    random_days = 48
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.17
    days = 171
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.18
    days = 200
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.19
    days = 900
    random_days = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.20
    days = 1200
    random_days = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = LITFLA.21
    days = 492
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    LIT_german_economic_dominance_1
    LIT_cultural_divide_1
    LIT_disorganised_army_1
    
}
set_war_support = 0.1
GER = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = LIT
        autonomy_state = kr_oststaat
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1933.2.10"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 3
    social_democrat = 25
    social_liberal = 7
    market_liberal = 8
    social_conservative = 39
    authoritarian_democrat = 12
    paternal_autocrat = 3
    national_populist = 3
    
}
set_cosmetic_tag = LIT_monarchy
set_variable = {
    LIT_LAF_threat = 25
    
}
recruit_character = LIT_karl_gero_von_urach
recruit_character = LIT_eberhard_von_urach
recruit_character = LIT_juozas_butkus
recruit_character = LIT_vincas_galinis
recruit_character = LIT_justas_paleckis
recruit_character = LIT_steponas_kairys
recruit_character = LIT_vaclovas_sidzikauskas
recruit_character = LIT_stanislaw_narutowicz
recruit_character = LIT_stasys_salkauskis
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_smetona
recruit_character = LIT_povilas_plechavicius
recruit_character = LIT_kazimieras_tiskevicius
recruit_character = LIT_augustinas_voldemaras
recruit_character = LIT_vytautas_alantas
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_maceina
recruit_character = LIT_leonas_bistras
activate_advisor = LIT_leonas_bistras_sic
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_merkys
recruit_character = LIT_salomeja_neris
recruit_character = LIT_wilhelm_von_urach
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_gustaitis
recruit_character = LIT_augustinas_povilaitis
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_vailokaitis
recruit_character = LIT_juozas_paknys
recruit_character = LIT_gabriele_petkevicaite-bite
recruit_character = LIT_herbert_tillmanns
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_pyragius
recruit_character = LIT_silvestras_zukauskas
recruit_character = LIT_stasys_rastikis
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_cernius
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_skirpa
recruit_character = LIT_mikas_reklaitis
recruit_character = LIT_vincas_vitkauskas
recruit_character = LIT_lucjan_zeligowski
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_ladiga
recruit_character = LIT_edvardas_adamkavicius
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_kaskelis
recruit_character = LIT_povilas_julius_labanauskas
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = LIT_karl_gero_von_urach
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = LIT_karl_gero_von_urach_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = LIT_justas_paleckis
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = LIT_justas_paleckis_target
    
}
