capital = 277
oob = "MEX"
set_naval_oob = "MEX_naval"
set_convoys = 45
starting_train_buffer = 3
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "MEX_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "MEX_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.2
    days = 68
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.132
    days = 572
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.128
    days = 1271
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.133
    days = 1600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.125
    days = 1715
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.24
    days = 1895
    random_days = 1683
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.134
    days = 1931
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.127
    days = 2292
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.136
    days = 2260
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.131
    days = 2337
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.126
    days = 2687
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.28
    days = 496
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.29
    days = 223
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.30
    days = 861
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.31
    days = 953
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.32
    days = 130
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.33
    days = 466
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.34
    days = 161
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.35
    days = 896
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mexico.36
    days = 540
    random_days = 540
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = NIC
    modifier = NIC_revolutionary_allies
    
}
set_research_slots = 3
set_war_support = 0.1
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = radical_socialist
    last_election = "1932.7.1"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 16
    syndicalist = 17
    radical_socialist = 45
    social_democrat = 17
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 5
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_exports
    MEX_revolution_economic
    MEX_revolution_military
    
}
recruit_character = MEX_plutarco_elias_calles
recruit_character = MEX_lazaro_cardenas_del_rio
recruit_character = MEX_emilio_candido_portes_gil
recruit_character = MEX_abelardo_rodriguez_lujan
recruit_character = MEX_vicente_lombardo_toledano
recruit_character = MEX_fidel_velazquez_sanchez
recruit_character = MEX_rosendo_salazar_alamo
recruit_character = MEX_emiliano_zapata_salazar
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_pancho_villa
recruit_character = MEX_antonio_irineo_vilarreal_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_ruben_jaramillo_menez
recruit_character = MEX_pascual_ortiz_rubio
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_avila_camacho
recruit_character = MEX_miguel_aleman_valdes
recruit_character = MEX_juan_andreu_almazan
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_gonzalez_garza
recruit_character = MEX_jose_antonio_urquiza
recruit_character = MEX_aaron_saenz_garza
recruit_character = MEX_alfonso_junco_voigt
recruit_character = MEX_amalia_gonzalez_caballero_de_castillo_ledon
recruit_character = MEX_efrain_gonzalez_luna
recruit_character = MEX_elisa_acuna_rossetti
recruit_character = MEX_ezequiel_padilla_penaloza
recruit_character = MEX_fernando_rodarte_fernandez
recruit_character = MEX_jose_isidro_fabela_alfaro
recruit_character = MEX_luis_napoleon_morones_negrete
recruit_character = MEX_victorino_barcenas
recruit_character = MEX_antonio_diaz_soto_y_gama
recruit_character = MEX_leopoldo_trevino_garza
recruit_character = MEX_juan_gonzales_cabral
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_quiroga_escamilla
recruit_character = MEX_joaquin_amaro_dominguez
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_luis_urquizo_benavides
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_macias_valenzuela
recruit_character = MEX_maximino_avila_camacho
recruit_character = MEX_othon_pompeyo_blanco_nunez_de_caceres
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_zermeno_araico
recruit_character = MEX_gildardo_magana_cerda
recruit_character = MEX_heriberto_jara_corona
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_agustin_castro_rivera
recruit_character = MEX_luis_farell_cubillas
recruit_character = MEX_eduardo_aldasoro_suarez
