capital = 330
oob = "MON"
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_guerilla_warfare = 1
    r56_gw_railway_gun = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    jungletroops = 1
    
}
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.4
diplomatic_relation = {
    country = RUS
    relation = non_aggression_pact
    
}
give_military_access = RUS
RUS = {
    give_guarantee = MON
    
}
add_to_array = {
    guarantor_array = RUS
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 17
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 23
    paternal_autocrat = 48
    national_populist = 12
    
}
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mon.103
    days = 10
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    MON_nomadic_society
    MON_scourge_of_the_steppes_idea
    MON_russian_eco_aid
    MON_jebtsundamba_khutuktu_idea
    
}
recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
recruit_character = MON_peljidiin_genden
recruit_character = MON_olziin_badrakh
recruit_character = MON_davizavyn_losol
recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_dansranbilegiin_dogsom
recruit_character = MON_jamsrangiin_tseveen
recruit_character = MON_dambyn_chagdarjav
recruit_character = MON_unenbayan
recruit_character = MON_demchugdongrub
recruit_character = MON_roman_von_ungern_sternberg
recruit_character = MON_7th_changkya_khutukhtu
recruit_character = MON_jodbajab
recruit_character = MON_baiyunti
recruit_character = MON_manlaibaatar_damdinsuren
recruit_character = MON_altanochir
recruit_character = MON_khatanbaatar_magsarjav
recruit_character = MON_mikhail_tornovsky
recruit_character = MON_nikolay_kazagrandi
recruit_character = MON_zhamyangiyn_lhagvasuren
recruit_character = MON_boris_rezukhin
recruit_character = MON_urzhin_garmaev
recruit_character = MON_buddhist_council
recruit_character = MON_yondonwangchug
recruit_character = MON_touvdentserenchimid
recruit_character = MON_serengdongrub
activate_advisor = MON_boris_rezukhin_sic
recruit_character = MON_gelegdorjiyn_demid
recruit_character = MON_ganzhuurzhav
recruit_character = MON_darijaya
recruit_character = MON_babadorj
recruit_character = MON_damdin_sukhbaatar
recruit_character = MON_gonchigiyn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_balingiyn_tserendorj
recruit_character = MON_zhamsranzhavyn_galsandash
recruit_character = MON_sambadondogiyn_tserendorj
recruit_character = MON_xia_gong
recruit_character = MON_kamil_gizycki
recruit_character = MON_ferdynand_ossendowski
recruit_character = MON_yu_pinqing
recruit_character = MON_amurlingkui
recruit_character = MON_ajvaagiyn_danzan
recruit_character = MON_tseren_ochiryn_dambadorj
recruit_character = MON_shirnengiyn_ayuush
recruit_character = MON_dorjjavyn_luvsansharav
recruit_character = MON_sonombalzhiryn_buyannemeh
recruit_character = MON_dogsomyn_bodoo
recruit_character = MON_mongolian_army_council
