capital = 317
oob = "NIC"
set_convoys = 20
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = USA
    modifier = NIC_watching_every_move
    
}
USA = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    add_opinion_modifier = {
        target = NIC
        modifier = NIC_revolutionary_threat
        
    }
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = TEX
    modifier = NIC_watching_every_move
    
}
TEX = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    add_opinion_modifier = {
        target = NIC
        modifier = NIC_revolutionary_threat
        
    }
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = MEX
    modifier = NIC_revolutionary_allies
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = HON
    modifier = NIC_holding_military
    
}
1071 = {
    add_dynamic_modifier = {
        modifier = conscription_exemptions_granted
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = nic.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = cafla.18
    days = 258
    
}
set_stability = 0.52
set_war_support = 0.24
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = syndicalist
    last_election = "1932.4.6"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 2
    syndicalist = 36
    radical_socialist = 19
    social_democrat = 7
    social_liberal = 22
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 8
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 6
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    CEN_monroe_doctrine
    NIC_revolution
    NIC_remaining_UFC_influence
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = CEN_unite_central_america
    target = THIS
    
}
recruit_character = NIC_augusto_cesar_sandino
recruit_character = NIC_francisco_sequeira_moreno
recruit_character = NIC_juan_bautista_sacasa
recruit_character = NIC_emiliano_chamorro_vargas
recruit_character = NIC_adolfo_diaz
recruit_character = NIC_anastasio_somoza_garcia
recruit_character = NIC_yank_levy
recruit_character = NIC_abelardo_cuadra
recruit_character = NIC_federico_davidson_blanco
recruit_character = NIC_jose_leon_diaz
recruit_character = NIC_jose_pedro_zepeda
recruit_character = NIC_santos_lopez
recruit_character = NIC_miguel_angel_ortiz
recruit_character = NIC_jose_roman_orozco
recruit_character = NIC_hernan_robleto
recruit_character = NIC_guillermo_sevilla_sacasa
recruit_character = NIC_andres_vega_bolanos
recruit_character = NIC_leon_debayle_sacasa
recruit_character = NIC_ana_salvadora
recruit_character = NIC_carlos_alberto_brenes_jarquin
recruit_character = NIC_juan_ramon_aviles
recruit_character = NIC_gustavo_abaunza
recruit_character = NIC_leonardo_arguello
recruit_character = NIC_pedro_altamirano
recruit_character = NIC_pedro_antonio_irias
recruit_character = NIC_celestino_zeledon
recruit_character = NIC_juan_escamilla
recruit_character = NIC_augusto_caldera
recruit_character = NIC_ramon_telles
recruit_character = NIC_carlos_castro_wassmer
recruit_character = NIC_juan_pablo_umanzor
NIC_anastasio_somoza_garcia = {
    retire = yes
    
}
NIC_federico_davidson_blanco = {
    retire = yes
    
}
NIC_jose_pedro_zepeda = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
NIC_santos_lopez = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
NIC_miguel_angel_ortiz = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
NIC_pedro_altamirano = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_socialist
    
}
NIC_hernan_robleto = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_liberal
    
}
NIC_guillermo_sevilla_sacasa = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_liberal
    
}
NIC_juan_ramon_aviles = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_liberal
    
}
NIC_guillermo_sevilla_sacasa = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
NIC_leon_debayle_sacasa = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
NIC_ana_salvadora = {
    set_character_flag = CEN_reactionary
    
}
