capital = 110
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.9
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 500
oob = "NOR"
set_naval_oob = "NOR_naval"
add_ideas = {
    NOR_divided_airforce_idea
    NOR_weak_economy_1
    limited_conscription
    
}
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        panzerschiffe = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "NOR_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "NOR_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = norway.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = norway.6
    days = 21
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = market_liberal
    last_election = "1933.10.16"
    election_frequency = 36
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 9.6
    syndicalist = 5
    radical_socialist = 27.4
    social_democrat = 8
    social_liberal = 9
    market_liberal = 13
    social_conservative = 11
    authoritarian_democrat = 10
    paternal_autocrat = 5.1
    national_populist = 1.9
    
}
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_vii
recruit_character = NOR_albin_eines
recruit_character = NOR_elias_volan
recruit_character = NOR_einar_gerhardsen
recruit_character = NOR_martin_tranmael
recruit_character = NOR_konrad_nordahl
recruit_character = NOR_johan_ludwig_mowinckel
recruit_character = NOR_carl_joachim_hambro
recruit_character = NOR_nils_traedal
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_fuglesang
recruit_character = NOR_vidkun_quisling
recruit_character = NOR_olav_scheflo
recruit_character = NOR_sverre_stoestad
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_lie
recruit_character = NOR_johan_henrik_andersen
recruit_character = NOR_magnus_nilssen
recruit_character = NOR_johan_nygaardsvold
recruit_character = NOR_gulbrand_lunde
recruit_character = NOR_stortinget
activate_advisor = NOR_johan_henrik_andersen_sic
recruit_character = NOR_wilhelm_morgenstierne
recruit_character = NOR_adolf_indreboe
recruit_character = NOR_jakob_friis
recruit_character = NOR_arnulf_oeverland
recruit_character = NOR_olav_hindahl
recruit_character = NOR_arne_scheel
recruit_character = NOR_ivar_lykke
recruit_character = NOR_odd_klingenberg
recruit_character = NOR_erik_colban
recruit_character = NOR_kornelius_bergsvik
recruit_character = NOR_terje_wold
recruit_character = NOR_finn_stoeren
recruit_character = NOR_frederik_prytz
recruit_character = NOR_jon_sundby
recruit_character = NOR_sven_nielsen
recruit_character = NOR_harald_gram
recruit_character = NOR_kristian_welhaven
recruit_character = NOR_kristian_laake
recruit_character = NOR_carl_gustav_fleischer
recruit_character = NOR_otto_ruge
recruit_character = NOR_william_steffens
recruit_character = NOR_wilhelm_von_tangen_hansteen
recruit_character = NOR_hans_reidar_holtermann
recruit_character = NOR_carl_johan_erichsen
recruit_character = NOR_birger_ljungberg
recruit_character = NOR_jacob_ager_laurantzon
recruit_character = NOR_jacob_hvinden_haug
recruit_character = NOR_trygve_frivold_graffwang
recruit_character = NOR_oswald_nordlie
recruit_character = NOR_jonas_lie
recruit_character = NOR_karl_marthinsen
recruit_character = NOR_oliver_moystad
recruit_character = NOR_henrik_rogstad
recruit_character = NOR_axel_stang
recruit_character = NOR_konrad_sundlo
NOR_jonas_lie = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_rikshirden
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
NOR_karl_marthinsen = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_rikshirden
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
NOR_oliver_moystad = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_rikshirden
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
NOR_henrik_rogstad = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_rikshirden
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
NOR_axel_stang = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_rikshirden
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
NOR_konrad_sundlo = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_rikshirden
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
recruit_character = NOR_carsten_tank_nielsen
recruit_character = NOR_henry_diesen
recruit_character = NOR_edgar_otto
recruit_character = NOR_andreas_wettre
recruit_character = NOR_ole_reistad
recruit_character = NOR_hjalmar_riiser_larsen
recruit_character = NOR_bjarne_oen
recruit_character = NOR_skule_storheill
recruit_character = NOR_tryggve_gran
recruit_character = NOR_georg_jacob_falck_bull
recruit_character = NOR_bjorn_christopherson
recruit_character = NOR_norwegian_army_council
every_unit_leader = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_ivar_lykke = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_odd_klingenberg = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_erik_colban = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_kornelius_bergsvik = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_terje_wold = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_ole_reistad = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_hjalmar_riiser_larsen = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_skule_storheill = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
NOR_tryggve_gran = {
    set_character_flag = NOR_leader
    
}
