capital = 301
oob = "PAR"
set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.6
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
    type = train_equipment
    amount = 15
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = {
    extensive_conscription
    PAR_military_pensions_idea
    PAR_military_influence_idea
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1935.10.1"
    election_frequency = 73
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    radical_socialist = 8
    syndicalist = 6
    social_democrat = 2
    social_liberal = 10
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 56
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 4
    
}
country_event = {
    id = par.1
    days = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = par.29
    days = 950
    
}
301 = {
    add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
    add_building_construction = {
        type = arms_factory
        level = 1
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = PAR_higinio_morinigo_martinez
recruit_character = PAR_jose_felix_estigarribia
recruit_character = PAR_juan_manuel_frutos
recruit_character = PAR_eduardo_schaerer
recruit_character = PAR_eligio_ayala
recruit_character = PAR_jose_patricio_guggiari
recruit_character = PAR_odulio_barthe
recruit_character = PAR_rafael_franco
recruit_character = PAR_raimundo_rolon
recruit_character = PAR_eugenio_garay
recruit_character = PAR_federico_smith
recruit_character = PAR_luis_irrazabal
recruit_character = PAR_vicente_machuca
recruit_character = PAR_carlos_pastore
recruit_character = PAR_aristides_ortellado
recruit_character = PAR_camilo_recalde
recruit_character = PAR_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = PAR_luis_alberto_riart
recruit_character = PAR_horacio_chiriani
recruit_character = PAR_anselmo_jover
recruit_character = PAR_nicolas_delgado
recruit_character = PAR_leandro_aponte
recruit_character = PAR_romildo_etcheverry
recruit_character = PAR_paraguayan_high_command
recruit_character = PAR_felix_pavia
recruit_character = PAR_tomas_salomoni
recruit_character = PAR_federico_chaves
recruit_character = PAR_ricardo_odriosola
recruit_character = PAR_justo_pastor
recruit_character = PAR_arnaldo_valdovinos
recruit_character = PAR_efraim_cardozo
recruit_character = PAR_victoriano_benitez
recruit_character = PAR_juan_stefanich
activate_advisor = PAR_luis_alberto_riart_sic
