capital = 10
oob = "POL"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.65
set_war_support = 0.16
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "POL_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        basic_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        basic_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "POL_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        fighter1 = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        tactical_bomber1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
GER = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = POL
        autonomy_state = kr_oststaat
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = market_liberal
    last_election = "1934.5.18"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 8
    radical_socialist = 6
    social_democrat = 18
    social_liberal = 17
    market_liberal = 24
    social_conservative = 14
    authoritarian_democrat = 6
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 7
    
}
add_ideas = {
    volunteer_only
    POL_german_control2
    POL_austrian_assets2
    POL_issues_at_hand
    POL_polarised_society_1
    POL_professional_army_1
    
}
set_cosmetic_tag = POL_kingdom
set_variable = {
    POL_GER_influence = 45
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_AUS_influence = 35
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_influence = 20
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_decrease_time = 60
    
}
GER = {
    set_variable = {
        POL_decrease_time = 60
        
    }
    
}
AUS = {
    set_variable = {
        POL_decrease_time = 60
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_buy_from_GER = 40
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_buy_from_AUS = 45
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_BM_cost = 35
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_CIP_cost = 60
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_CIP_cost_cheap = 30
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_loan = 80
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_coring_cost = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_coring_cost_small = 30
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_claim_cost = 10
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_land_reform_cost = 30
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_investigation_cost = 40
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_stall_cost = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_revolution_timer = 70
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_coup_timer = 60
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_railway_cost = 20
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_GER_loan = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_AUS_loan = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_military_takeover_time = 150
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_sejm_revolt_time = 200
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_royal_influence = 45
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_soc_influence = 10
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_rep_influence = 30
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_nat_influence = 15
    
}
POL_predict_election = yes
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = POL_issues_at_hand_modifier
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_issues_at_hand_monthly_population = -0.25
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_issues_at_hand_consumer_goods = 0.05
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_issues_at_hand_max_efficiency = -0.1
    
}
set_variable = {
    POL_issues_at_hand_research_speed = -0.1
    
}
set_country_flag = POL_PPS_Barlicki
set_variable = {
    POL_FRA_weapons = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 4
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.42
    days = 110
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.8
    days = 133
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.10
    days = 145
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.11
    days = 172
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.46
    days = 184
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.23
    days = 250
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.36
    days = 310
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.39
    days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.7
    days = 397
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.1
    days = 400
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.13
    days = 411
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.9
    days = 443
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.14
    days = 490
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.37
    days = 514
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.17
    days = 543
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.27
    days = 580
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.22
    days = 633
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.26
    days = 665
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.2
    days = 765
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.16
    days = 809
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.35
    days = 900
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.18
    days = 943
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.38
    days = 990
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.19
    days = 1010
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.33
    days = 1110
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.552
    days = 1098
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.24
    days = 1201
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.34
    days = 1300
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.93
    days = 600
    random_days = 600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.380
    days = 1400
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.9
    days = 1560
    
}
country_event = {
    id = polandflavor.42
    days = 1660
    
}
country_event = {
    id = poland.999
    days = 1095
    
}
FRA = {
    country_event = {
        id = poland.110
        days = 200
        random_days = 30
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = poland.111
        days = 387
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = poland.117
        days = 830
        
    }
    
}
AUS = {
    country_event = {
        id = poland.115
        days = 160
        random_days = 30
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = poland.113
        days = 387
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = poland.117
        days = 833
        
    }
    
}
RUS = {
    country_event = {
        id = poland.116
        days = 240
        random_days = 30
        
    }
    country_event = {
        id = poland.117
        days = 836
        
    }
    
}
GER = {
    country_event = {
        id = poland.117
        days = 839
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = POL_august_iv
recruit_character = POL_feliks_kon
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_zakrzewski
recruit_character = POL_zygmunt_zaremba
recruit_character = POL_leah_feldman
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_cseszejko_sochacki
recruit_character = POL_norbert_barlicki
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_jan_woznicki
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_mikolajczyk
recruit_character = POL_gabriel_narutowicz
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_michalowicz
recruit_character = POL_jozef_chacinski
recruit_character = POL_adam_chadzynski
recruit_character = POL_eustachy_sapieha
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_grabski
recruit_character = POL_wojciech_korfanty
recruit_character = POL_roman_dmowski
recruit_character = POL_adam_doboszynski
recruit_character = POL_antoni_ponikowski
activate_advisor = POL_antoni_ponikowski_sic
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_studnicki
recruit_character = POL_maksymilian_malinowski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_dubois
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_bielecki
recruit_character = POL_pawel_lew_marek
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_bukowiecki
recruit_character = POL_boguslaw_miedzinski
recruit_character = POL_the_sejm_sic
recruit_character = POL_maurucy_zamoyski
recruit_character = POL_janusz_radziwill
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_downarowicz
recruit_character = POL_wolfgang_von_kries
recruit_character = POL_alexander_von_hohenzollern
recruit_character = POL_august_hlond
recruit_character = POL_wieslaw_gerlicz
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_wierbicki
recruit_character = POL_marian_dabrowski
recruit_character = POL_michal_kalecki
recruit_character = POL_cezaria_jedrzejewiczowa
recruit_character = POL_wanda_wasilewska
recruit_character = POL_stanislawa_paleolog
recruit_character = POL_henryk_ehrlich
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_schaetzel
recruit_character = POL_jozef_zajac
recruit_character = POL_ludomil_rayski
recruit_character = POL_edmund_knoll_kownacki
recruit_character = POL_stefan_rowecki
recruit_character = POL_ludwik_skrzynski
recruit_character = pol_mieczyslaw_smorawinski
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_kossakowski
recruit_character = POL_stefan_adolf_mossor
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_rawicz_myslowski
recruit_character = POL_wiktor_thommee
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_dabkowski
recruit_character = POL_edward_szystowski
recruit_character = POL_witold_urbanowicz
recruit_character = POL_janusz_de_beaurain
recruit_character = POL_xawery_czernicki
recruit_character = POL_janusz_groszkowski
recruit_character = POL_ludwik_hirszfeld
recruit_character = POL_zygmunt_pulawski
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_karlowski
recruit_character = POL_aleksy_cwiakowski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_dowbor_musnicki
recruit_character = POL_jozef_haller_von_hallenburg
recruit_character = POL_edward_rydz_smigly
recruit_character = POL_adam_koc
recruit_character = POL_konstanty_rokossowski
recruit_character = POL_leon_berbecki
recruit_character = POL_kazimierz_sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_zbigniew_antonowicz
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_sosabowski
recruit_character = POL_mikolaj_boltuc
recruit_character = POL_wladyslaw_anders
recruit_character = POL_henryk_dobrzanski
recruit_character = POL_juliusz_rommel
recruit_character = POL_waclaw_stachiewicz
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_magnuszewski
recruit_character = POL_antoni_szylling
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_wieniawa_dlugoszowski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_unrug
POL_august_iv = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
POL_alexander_von_hohenzollern = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
POL_edward_rydz_smigly = {
    retire = yes
    
}
POL_konstanty_rokossowski = {
    set_nationality = FRA
    
}
POL_jozef_unrug = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ROOT = {
    67 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    86 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    88 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    89 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    91 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    93 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    94 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    96 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    97 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    776 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    777 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    924 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "La Resistance"
        
    }
    create_operative_leader = {
        name = "Krystyna Skarbek"
        GFX = GFX_portrait_kr_krystyna_skarbek
        traits = {
            operative_escape_artist
            operative_infiltrator
            
        }
        bypass_recruitment = no
        available_to_spy_master = yes
        female = yes
        nationalities = {
            POL
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
