capital = 686
set_research_slots = 2
set_naval_oob = "PUE_naval"
set_convoys = 5
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    marines = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
add_ideas = PUE_economic_disaster
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 2
    radical_socialist = 3
    syndicalist = 5
    social_democrat = 13
    social_liberal = 41
    market_liberal = 21
    social_conservative = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 3
    paternal_autocrat = 2
    national_populist = 0
    
}
recruit_character = PUE_santiago_iglesias_pantin
recruit_character = PUE_cesar_andreu_iglesias
recruit_character = PUE_bolivar_pagan_lucca
recruit_character = PUE_antonio_rafael_barcelo
recruit_character = PUE_ernesto_ramos_antonini
recruit_character = PUE_luis_munoz_marin
recruit_character = PUE_gobierno_de_la_fortaleza
recruit_character = PUE_jose_coll_y_cuchi
recruit_character = PUE_blanton_winship
recruit_character = PUE_pedro_albizu_campos
recruit_character = PUE_luis_raul_esteves
recruit_character = PUE_salvador_teodoro_roig_marietti
recruit_character = PUE_carlos_betances_ramirez
recruit_character = PUE_juan_antonio_corretjer
recruit_character = PUE_clemente_soto_velez
recruit_character = PUE_jesus_t_pinero
recruit_character = PUE_leopoldo_figueroa
recruit_character = PUE_rafael_carrion_sr
recruit_character = PUE_ramiro_l_colon
recruit_character = PUE_juanita_garcia_peraza
recruit_character = PUE_jaime_benitez_rexach
recruit_character = PUE_santos_p_amadeo
recruit_character = PUE_joseph_b_aviles_sr
recruit_character = PUE_edmund_ernest_garcia
recruit_character = PUE_rafael_celestino_benitez
recruit_character = PUE_virgil_r_miller
recruit_character = PUE_juan_cesar_cordero_davila
recruit_character = PUE_carlos_fernando_chardon
every_unit_leader = {
    set_character_flag = PUE_leader
    
}
