capital = 608
oob = "QIE"
set_naval_oob = "QIE_naval"
set_research_slots = 2
set_convoys = 25
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.4
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_cosmetic_tag = QIE_government_qing
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "QIE_air_bba"
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "QIE_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_country_flag = china_is_potential_government
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 10
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 15
    social_conservative = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 48
    paternal_autocrat = 10
    national_populist = 2
    
}
add_ideas = {
    QIE_fractured_empire
    QIE_big_debt
    QIE_leadership_crisis
    unequal_treaties
    
}
china_add_poor_army = yes
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = QIE_german_influence_dynamic_modifier
    
}
QIE_recalculate_peking_commission = yes
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = qiedom.18
    days = 14
    random_hours = 96
    
}
country_event = {
    id = qiedom.4
    days = 31
    random_hours = 72
    
}
country_event = {
    id = qieflavor.11
    days = 1096
    random_hours = 1440
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = QIE_bribe_lobbyists
    target = GER
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = QIE_encourage_domestic_production
    target = GER
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = QIE_encourage_anti_german_boycott
    target = GER
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    decision = QIE_entice_financial_support
    target = GER
    
}
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_pugong
recruit_character = QIE_james_yen
recruit_character = QIE_li_huang
recruit_character = QIE_huang_boqiao
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_pujie
recruit_character = QIE_wellington_koo
recruit_character = QIE_hu_shih
recruit_character = QIE_yan_huiqing
recruit_character = QIE_wu_peifu
recruit_character = QIE_cao_kun
recruit_character = QIE_kang_tongbi
recruit_character = QIE_zeng_qi
recruit_character = QIE_wen_tsungyao
activate_advisor = QIE_wu_peifu_sic
activate_advisor = QIE_cao_kun
recruit_character = QIE_jiang_baili
recruit_character = QIE_wang_huaiqing
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_zaitao
recruit_character = QIE_cai_chengxun
recruit_character = QIE_liu_menggeng
recruit_character = QIE_wang_chengbin
recruit_character = QIE_zhang_qihuang
recruit_character = QIE_lu_xiangting
recruit_character = QIE_xiao_yaonan
recruit_character = QIE_li_bingzhi
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = QIE_zhang_shaozeng
recruit_character = QIE_liu_zhenhua
recruit_character = QIE_xing_shilian
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_jixing
recruit_character = QIE_wang_lingyun
recruit_character = QIE_du_xijun
recruit_character = QIE_guo_jijiao
recruit_character = QIE_wei_yisan
recruit_character = QIE_gobulo_runqi
recruit_character = QIE_zhang_yinwu
recruit_character = QIE_wu_renli
recruit_character = QIE_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = QIE_du_xigui
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_zaixun
recruit_character = QIE_bai_jianwu
recruit_character = QIE_li_linsi
recruit_character = QIE_wang_chonghui
recruit_character = QIE_zhang_yanqing
recruit_character = QIE_gao_lingwei
recruit_character = QIE_tang_zhongming
recruit_character = QIE_lei_haizong
recruit_character = QIE_liang_shuming
recruit_character = QIE_peng_shouxin
recruit_character = QIE_wang_yujia
recruit_character = QIE_yu_xuezhong
recruit_character = QIE_xiong_bingqi
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_zaizhen
recruit_character = QIE_aisin_gioro_xiankui
recruit_character = QIE_baokang
recruit_character = QIE_xie_jieshi
recruit_character = QIE_zheng_xiaoxu
recruit_character = QIE_guo_zeyun
recruit_character = QIE_tang_xiangming
recruit_character = QIE_wang_guanyi
recruit_character = QIE_ren_yunge
recruit_character = QIE_shi_bangfan
recruit_character = QIE_liu_muqun
QIE_aisin_gioro_puyi = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    
}
QIE_wu_peifu = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    
}
QIE_wellington_koo = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    
}
QIE_hu_shih = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    
}
QIE_yan_huiqing = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    
}
QIE_jiang_baili = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_wang_huaiqing = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_zhang_qihuang = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_xiao_yaonan = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_zhang_shaozeng = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_liu_menggeng = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_cai_chengxun = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_liu_zhenhua = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_li_bingzhi = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_tang_xiangming = {
    set_character_flag = QIE_zhili_leader
    
}
QIE_wang_lingyun = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_du_xijun = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_guo_jijiao = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_wei_yisan = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_zhang_yinwu = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_gobulo_runqi = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_tang_zhongming = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_wang_chonghui = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_aisin_gioro_zaizhen = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_aisin_gioro_xiankui = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_baokang = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_xie_jieshi = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_zheng_xiaoxu = {
    retire = yes
    
}
QIE_guo_zeyun = {
    retire = yes
    
}
