capital = 46
oob = "ROM"
set_naval_oob = "ROM_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_war_support = 0.4
set_stability = 0.4
set_convoys = 10
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    synth_oil_experiments = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "ROM_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "ROM_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.134
    days = 1006
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.135
    days = 2796
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.86
    days = 1393
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.142
    days = 2080
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.6
    days = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.73
    days = 300
    random_hours = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.61
    days = 250
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.154
    days = 360
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.155
    days = 660
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.158
    days = 600
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.159
    days = 200
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.161
    days = 410
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.185
    days = 400
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.186
    days = 500
    random_hours = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.194
    days = 129
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.195
    days = 320
    
}
country_event = {
    id = romania.198
    days = 451
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = GER
    modifier = KR_disapproves_of_govt
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = AUS
    modifier = KR_disapproves_of_govt
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = ROM.king_influence
    value = 3
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = ROM.captain_influence
    value = 3
    
}
add_ideas = {
    ROM_great_game
    ROM_incomplete_land_reform
    ROM_unionist_zeal
    ROM_german_control
    free_trade
    limited_conscription
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = national_populist
    last_election = "1933.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 8
    social_liberal = 11
    market_liberal = 16
    social_conservative = 3
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 18
    national_populist = 44
    
}
recruit_character = ROM_carol_ii
recruit_character = ROM_mihai_i
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_i
recruit_character = ROM_cristian_racovski
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_gheorghiu
recruit_character = ROM_lucretiu_patrascanu
recruit_character = ROM_barbu_lazareanu
recruit_character = ROM_ion_mihalache
recruit_character = ROM_dinu_bratianu
recruit_character = ROM_alexandru_cantacuzino
recruit_character = ROM_petre_dumitrescu
recruit_character = ROM_ion_antonescu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_argeseanu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_avramescu
recruit_character = ROM_ioan_racovita
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_constantinescu_claps
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_macici
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_pantazi
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ciuperca
recruit_character = ROM_ion_glogojanu
recruit_character = ROM_leonard_mociulschi
recruit_character = ROM_dumitru_popescu
recruit_character = ROM_corneliu_dragalina
recruit_character = ROM_florea_tenescu
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_radescu
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_tobescu
recruit_character = ROM_horia_macellariu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorge_apostol
recruit_character = ROM_virgil_madgearu
recruit_character = ROM_iuliu_maniu
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_bratianu
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_angelescu
recruit_character = ROM_alexandru_vaida_voevod
recruit_character = ROM_armand_calinescu
recruit_character = ROM_corneliu_codreanu
recruit_character = ROM_horia_sima
recruit_character = ROM_ion_mota
recruit_character = ROM_ernest_urdrianu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorge_clime
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_papanace
recruit_character = ROM_mihail_sturdza
recruit_character = ROM_grigore_gafencu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorge_tatarescu
recruit_character = ROM_victor_slavescu
recruit_character = ROM_max_auschnitt
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_malaxa
recruit_character = ROM_mikhail_moruzov
recruit_character = ROM_dimitrie_gusti
recruit_character = ROM_emanoil_ionescu
recruit_character = ROM_ermil_gheorghiu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_jienescu
activate_advisor = ROM_corneliu_codreanu_sic
ROM_carol_ii = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
ROM_mihai_i = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
ROM_nicolae_i = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
ROM_mihail_sturdza = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
ROM_alexandru_cantacuzino = {
    set_character_flag = is_regent
    
}
ROM_nicolae_radescu = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ROM_constantin_tobescu = {
    retire = yes
    
}
ROOT = {
    77 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    713 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    80 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    
}
