capital = 219
set_convoys = 60
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.3
set_research_slots = 4
starting_train_buffer = 3
oob = "RUS"
set_naval_oob = "RUS_naval"
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    fighter1 = 1
    strategic_bomber1 = 1
    naval_bomber1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    jaegers = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    r56_railway_mortar_subtech = 1
    shocktroops = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    winter_clothes_gw = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        basic_heavy_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        
    }
    
}
SOV = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
TRM = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.5
    days = 5
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.20
    days = 406
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.21
    days = 830
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.22
    days = 898
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.24
    days = 385
    random = 600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.66
    days = 365
    random = 600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = russia.2700
    days = 424
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.56
    days = 1014
    random = 720
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.96
    days = 4238
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.100
    days = 2618
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.101
    days = 1128
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.105
    days = 58
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.106
    days = 170
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.109
    days = 1008
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.128
    days = 150
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.129
    days = 4627
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.130
    days = 771
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.149
    days = 160
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.148
    days = 470
    
}
country_event = {
    id = rusd.147
    days = 290
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1932.6.9"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    radical_socialist = 2
    syndicalist = 3
    social_democrat = 5
    social_liberal = 20
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 8
    authoritarian_democrat = 10
    paternal_autocrat = 13
    national_populist = 32
    
}
add_ideas = RUS_political_unrest
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "EST"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "BAT"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "LAT"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "LIT"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "WHR"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "POL"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "UKR"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "DKB"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "GEO"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "AZR"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "ARM"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "MON"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "TRM"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "JAP"
    value = 1
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_karl_radek
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Karl_Radek.png"
    ideology = totalist_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_aleksandra_kollontai
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Aleksandra_Kollontai.png"
    ideology = syndicalist_subtype
    female = yes
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_aleksey_rykov
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Aleksey_Rykov.png"
    ideology = radical_socialist_subtype
    
}
recruit_character = RUS_irakli_tsereteli
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kerensky
recruit_character = RUS_viktor_chernov
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_milyukov
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_maklakov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_trubetskoy
recruit_character = RUS_ariadna_tyrkova
recruit_character = RUS_dmitry_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_lavr_kornilov
recruit_character = RUS_boris_savinkov
recruit_character = RUS_anastasy_vonsyatsky
recruit_character = RUS_kirill_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_state_duma
activate_advisor = RUS_state_duma_sic
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_nabokov
recruit_character = RUS_patriarch_kirill
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_kharlamov
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_bernatsky
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_erdeli
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kazembek
recruit_character = RUS_aleksey_putilov
recruit_character = RUS_feliks_yusupov
recruit_character = RUS_klavdiy_foss
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_wrangel
recruit_character = RUS_anton_denikin
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_shatilov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_kappel
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_drozdovsky
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_romanovsky
recruit_character = RUS_aleksander_kutepov
recruit_character = RUS_anton_turkul
recruit_character = RUS_boris_shteyfon
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_vitkovsky
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_levitov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_manstein
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_markov
recruit_character = RUS_fyodor_abramov
recruit_character = RUS_vyacheslav_naumenko
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_bermondt_avalov
recruit_character = RUS_adrian_guselshchikov
recruit_character = RUS_abram_dragomirov
recruit_character = RUS_markian_popov
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_kedrov
recruit_character = RUS_nestor_monastyrev
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_nemits
recruit_character = RUS_sergei_rudenko
recruit_character = RUS_vyacheslav_tkachov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kazakov
recruit_character = RUS_vsevolod_marchenko
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_samoylo
recruit_character = RUS_vyacheslav_baranov
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_dmitry_romanov
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_dmitry_romanov_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_kirill_romanov
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_kirill_romanov_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_vladimir_romanov
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_vladimir_romanov_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_pyotr_wrangel
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_pyotr_wrangel_target
    
}
