capital = 275
oob = "SAF"
set_naval_oob = "SAF_naval"
set_convoys = 25
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.35
set_cosmetic_tag = SAF_union
save_global_event_target_as = original_south_africa
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        engines_2 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        iw_large_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc_bba = yes
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        naval_bomber1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1933.5.17"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 2
    radical_socialist = 8
    syndicalist = 7
    social_democrat = 6
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 41
    authoritarian_democrat = 34
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 2
    
}
add_ideas = {
    SAF_segregation_3
    SAF_wavering_dominion
    SAF_idea_slavery
    
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = GER
    modifier = KR_trade_agreement
    
}
set_country_flag = {
    flag = SAF_segregation_reform
    value = 1
    
}
85 = {
    set_state_flag = SAF_the_empire_strikes_back
    set_state_flag = SAF_protectorate_modifier
    add_dynamic_modifier = {
        modifier = SAF_protectorate
        
    }
    
}
542 = {
    set_state_flag = SAF_the_empire_strikes_back
    
}
738 = {
    set_state_flag = SAF_the_empire_strikes_back
    set_state_flag = SAF_protectorate_modifier
    add_dynamic_modifier = {
        modifier = SAF_protectorate
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.1
    days = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.108
    days = 25
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.155
    days = 258
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.121
    days = 350
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.98
    days = 460
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.169
    days = 500
    random = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.76
    days = 558
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.69
    days = 609
    
}
country_event = {
    id = entf.2
    days = 628
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.120
    days = 700
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.79
    days = 949
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.140
    days = 1087
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.170
    days = 1200
    random = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.144
    days = 2516
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.171
    days = 3033
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.187
    days = 3804
    random = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.310
    days = 22
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.307
    days = 230
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.309
    days = 1205
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.308
    days = 1379
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.318
    days = 2305
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.305
    days = 2478
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.312
    days = 2568
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.302
    days = 2575
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.306
    days = 3302
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.311
    days = 3354
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.303
    days = 3675
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.301
    days = 3717
    
}
country_event = {
    id = saf.300
    days = 4348
    
}
recruit_character = SAF_george_herbert_hyde_villiers
recruit_character = SAF_patrick_duncan
recruit_character = SAF_nicolaas_jacobus_de_wet
recruit_character = SAF_ernest_george_jansen
recruit_character = SAF_james_arnold_la_guma
recruit_character = SAF_clements_kadalie
recruit_character = SAF_david_ivon_jones
recruit_character = SAF_moses_mauane_kotane
recruit_character = SAF_walter_bayley_madeley
recruit_character = SAF_jan_hendrik_hofmeyr
recruit_character = SAF_gideon_brand_van_zyl
recruit_character = SAF_jan_christian_smuts
recruit_character = SAF_jacobus_gideon_nel_strauss
recruit_character = SAF_james_barry_munnik_hertzog
recruit_character = SAF_nicolaas_christiaan_havenga
recruit_character = SAF_daniel_francois_malan
recruit_character = SAF_johannes_frederik_janse_van_rensburg
recruit_character = SAF_josiah_tshangana_gumede
recruit_character = SAF_davidson_don_tengo_jabavu
recruit_character = SAF_alfred_bitini_xuma
recruit_character = SAF_anton_muziwakhe_lembede
recruit_character = SAF_albert_thomas_nzula
recruit_character = SAF_emil_solomon_sachs
recruit_character = SAF_john_stephen_gomas
recruit_character = SAF_south_african_parliament
activate_advisor = SAF_jan_christian_smuts_sic
recruit_character = SAF_yusuf_mohamed_dadoo
recruit_character = SAF_alan_stewart_paton
recruit_character = SAF_charles_frampton_stallard
recruit_character = SAF_hendrik_johannes_van_der_bijl
recruit_character = SAF_henry_allan_fagan
recruit_character = SAF_paul_oliver_sauer
recruit_character = SAF_harry_frederick_oppenheimer
recruit_character = SAF_gustav_imroth
recruit_character = SAF_herbert_baker
recruit_character = SAF_henning_johannes_klopper
recruit_character = SAF_leila_agnes_buissinne_reitz
recruit_character = SAF_zainunissa_gool
recruit_character = SAF_william_henry_clark
recruit_character = SAF_oswald_pirow
recruit_character = SAF_george_edwin_brink
recruit_character = SAF_daniel_hermanus_pienaar
recruit_character = SAF_andries_jacob_brink
recruit_character = SAF_hendrik_balzazar_klopper
recruit_character = SAF_isaac_pierre_de_villiers
recruit_character = SAF_william_henry_evered_poole
recruit_character = SAF_christiaan_ludolph_de_wet_du_toit
recruit_character = SAF_guy_waterhouse_hallifax
recruit_character = SAF_pieter_de_waal
recruit_character = SAF_leonard_beyers
recruit_character = SAF_edward_neville_syfret
recruit_character = SAF_frederick_dean
recruit_character = SAF_hesperus_andrias_van_ryneveld
recruit_character = SAF_francis_richard_gurney_hoare
recruit_character = SAF_christoffel_venter
recruit_character = SAF_hector_cyril_daniel
recruit_character = SAF_james_thom_durrant
recruit_character = SAF_union_defence_council
recruit_character = SAF_william_henry_andrews
recruit_character = SAF_percy_john_hodgson
recruit_character = SAF_adolph_gysbert_malan
recruit_character = SAF_govan_archibald_myuyelwa_mbeki
recruit_character = SAF_thabo_edwin_mofutsanyana
SAF_william_henry_andrews = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
SAF_percy_john_hodgson = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
SAF_adolph_gysbert_malan = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
SAF_govan_archibald_myuyelwa_mbeki = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
SAF_thabo_edwin_mofutsanyana = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
SAF_jan_christian_smuts = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_george_edwin_brink = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_andries_jacob_brink = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_isaac_pierre_de_villiers = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_william_henry_evered_poole = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_walter_bayley_madeley = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_jan_hendrik_hofmeyr = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_alfred_bitini_xuma = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_alan_stewart_paton = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_charles_frampton_stallard = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_harry_frederick_oppenheimer = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_gustav_imroth = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_leila_agnes_buissinne_reitz = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_zainunissa_gool = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_william_henry_clark = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_herbert_baker = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_edward_neville_syfret = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_frederick_dean = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_francis_richard_gurney_hoare = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_hector_cyril_daniel = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_james_thom_durrant = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_british_character
    
}
SAF_james_barry_munnik_hertzog = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_daniel_francois_malan = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_johannes_frederik_janse_van_rensburg = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_daniel_hermanus_pienaar = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_hendrik_balzazar_klopper = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_christiaan_ludolph_de_wet_du_toit = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_pieter_de_waal = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_nicolaas_christiaan_havenga = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_henning_johannes_klopper = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_oswald_pirow = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_leonard_beyers = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_hesperus_andrias_van_ryneveld = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_christoffel_venter = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_union_defence_council = {
    set_character_flag = SAF_boer_character
    
}
SAF_george_herbert_hyde_villiers = {
    set_variable = {
        SAF_governor_general = THIS
        
    }
    
}
