capital = 1072
oob = "SHX"
set_research_slots = 2
complete_national_focus = SHX_Yan_In_Power
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = arms_factory
    level = 1
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = industrial_complex
    level = 2
    
}
set_research_slots = 2
add_ideas = {
    SHX_neutrality
    SHX_power_struggle
    SHX_legacy_of_guominjun
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 2
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 1
    social_liberal = 4
    market_liberal = 4
    social_conservative = 4
    authoritarian_democrat = 36
    paternal_autocrat = 46
    national_populist = 3
    
}
set_variable = {
    SHX_xishan_control_gov = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    SHX_yuxiang_control_gov = 10
    
}
set_variable = {
    SHX_xishan_control_mil = 38
    
}
set_variable = {
    SHX_yuxiang_control_mil = 62
    
}
country_event = {
    id = shx.0
    days = 1
    
}
recruit_character = SHX_zhang_zizhong
recruit_character = SHX_han_fuju
recruit_character = SHX_sun_lianzhong
recruit_character = SHX_feng_yuxiang
recruit_character = SHX_yan_xishan
recruit_character = SHX_xu_yongchang
recruit_character = SHX_yang_hucheng
recruit_character = SHX_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = SHX_cui_xiaoqian
recruit_character = SHX_yu_xinqing
recruit_character = SHX_liang_huazhi
recruit_character = SHX_h_h_kung
recruit_character = SHX_chih_kung_jen
recruit_character = SHX_du_runsheng
recruit_character = SHX_wang_xiang
recruit_character = SHX_cao_baoqing
recruit_character = SHX_xie_wenda
recruit_character = SHX_zhong_jihan
recruit_character = SHX_zhao_chengshou
recruit_character = SHX_zhu_shouguang
recruit_character = SHX_wang_jingguo
recruit_character = SHX_sun_chu
recruit_character = SHX_liu_zizhen
recruit_character = SHX_han_duofeng
recruit_character = SHX_song_zheyuan
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = SHX_Feng_Coup
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = QIE
    decision = SHX_Attack_QIE
    
}
