capital = 289
oob = "SIA"
set_naval_oob = "SIA_naval"
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    marines = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        smoke_generator = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.6
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
BRM = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1868.10.1"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 12
    syndicalist = 6
    social_democrat = 4
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 3
    authoritarian_democrat = 47
    paternal_autocrat = 11
    national_populist = 9
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    SIA_bloated_bureaucracy
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.1
    hours = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.9
    days = 153
    random = 648
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.12
    days = 203
    random = 216
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.61
    days = 523
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.65
    days = 1187
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.64
    days = 5523
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.52
    days = 6884
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.6013
    days = 1948
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.6014
    days = 1993
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.6033
    days = 3018
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.6015
    days = 3798
    
}
country_event = {
    id = siam.6034
    days = 8649
    
}
recruit_character = SIA_prajadhipok
recruit_character = SIA_ananda_mahidol
recruit_character = SIA_bhumibol_adulyadej
recruit_character = SIA_chula_chakrabongse
recruit_character = SIA_paribatra_sukhumbhand
recruit_character = SIA_chumbhotbongs_paribatra
recruit_character = SIA_sukhumabhinanda
recruit_character = SIA_supha_sirimanon
recruit_character = SIA_pridi_phanomyong
recruit_character = SIA_thawan_thamrongnawasawat
recruit_character = SIA_pote_sarasin
recruit_character = SIA_seni_pramoj
recruit_character = SIA_plaek_phibunsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_phao_sriyanond
recruit_character = SIA_sarit_thanarat
recruit_character = SIA_boworadet_kridakorn
recruit_character = SIA_jarun_seriroengrit
recruit_character = SIA_phot_phahonyothin
recruit_character = SIA_din_tharab
recruit_character = SIA_sala_emasiri
recruit_character = SIA_wan_chuthin
recruit_character = SIA_phin_choonhavan
recruit_character = SIA_thep_panthumasaen
recruit_character = SIA_adul_adulyadejchrat
recruit_character = SIA_pichit_kriengsakpichit
recruit_character = SIA_karj_karjsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_mangkorn_promyothee
recruit_character = SIA_sindhu_kamolnawin
recruit_character = SIA_thongdee_suwanprueng
recruit_character = SIA_bunchai_sawathasuk
recruit_character = SIA_mongkol_mongkolnawin
recruit_character = SIA_prayoon_yutthasartkosol
recruit_character = SIA_boonjeam_komolmit
recruit_character = SIA_long_sinsuk
recruit_character = SIA_munee_mahasantana
recruit_character = SIA_sunee_suwanprateep
recruit_character = SIA_thip_ketuthat
recruit_character = SIA_kon_hutasingha
recruit_character = SIA_pramarn_adireksarn
recruit_character = SIA_sawaet_piampongsarn
recruit_character = SIA_tiang_sirikhanth
recruit_character = SIA_wan_waithayakon
recruit_character = SIA_wichit_wichitwathakan
recruit_character = SIA_mangkorn_samsen
recruit_character = SIA_sun_kijjumnong
recruit_character = SIA_wichit_lulitanon
recruit_character = SIA_wisuth_tonwanik
recruit_character = SIA_jira_wichitsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_pin_malakul
recruit_character = SIA_tua_lapanukrom
recruit_character = SIA_jerm_arwuth
recruit_character = SIA_narisara_nuwattiwong
recruit_character = SIA_purachatra_jayakara
recruit_character = SIA_bung_suphachalasai
recruit_character = SIA_buntaeng_thongsawat
recruit_character = SIA_kulap_saipradit
recruit_character = SIA_pijarn_dullalampha
recruit_character = SIA_tianthai_apichartbhut
recruit_character = SIA_wart_sunthonjamorn
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_prajadhipok
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_prajadhipok_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_ananda_mahidol
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_ananda_mahidol_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_bhumibol_adulyadej
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_bhumibol_adulyadej_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_chula_chakrabongse
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_chula_chakrabongse_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_paribatra_sukhumbhand
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_paribatra_sukhumbhand_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_chumbhotbongs_paribatra
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_chumbhotbongs_paribatra_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_sukhumabhinanda
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_sukhumabhinanda_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_supha_sirimanon
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_supha_sirimanon_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_pridi_phanomyong
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_pridi_phanomyong_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_thawan_thamrongnawasawat
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_parliamentarian
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_thawan_thamrongnawasawat_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_pote_sarasin
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_pote_sarasin_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_seni_pramoj
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_seni_pramoj_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_plaek_phibunsongkhram
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_plaek_phibunsongkhram_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_phao_sriyanond
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_phao_sriyanond_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_sarit_thanarat
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_sarit_thanarat_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_phin_choonhavan
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_phin_choonhavan_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_phot_phahonyothin
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_phot_phahonyothin_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_thep_panthumasaen
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_parliamentarian
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_thep_panthumasaen_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_adul_adulyadejchrat
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_parliamentarian
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_adul_adulyadejchrat_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_karj_karjsongkhram
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_parliamentarian
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_karj_karjsongkhram_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_wan_chuthin
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_parliamentarian
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_wan_chuthin_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_jarun_seriroengrit
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_jarun_seriroengrit_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_pichit_kriengsakpichit
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_pichit_kriengsakpichit_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_mangkorn_promyothee
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_mangkorn_promyothee_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_din_tharab
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_royalist
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_din_tharab_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_boworadet_kridakorn
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_royalist
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_boworadet_kridakorn_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_sala_emasiri
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_royalist
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_sala_emasiri_target
    
}
random_unit_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_sindhu_kamolnawin
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_sindhu_kamolnawin_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_prayoon_yutthasartkosol
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_prayoon_yutthasartkosol_target
    
}
random_navy_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_mongkol_mongkolnawin
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_parliamentarian
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_mongkol_mongkolnawin_target
    
}
random_navy_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_thongdee_suwanprueng
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_royalist
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_thongdee_suwanprueng_target
    
}
random_navy_leader = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_bunchai_sawathasuk
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SIA_royalist
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_bunchai_sawathasuk_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_boonjeam_komolmit
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_boonjeam_komolmit_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_long_sinsuk
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_long_sinsuk_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_munee_mahasantana
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_munee_mahasantana_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_sunee_suwanprateep
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_sunee_suwanprateep_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_thip_ketuthat
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_thip_ketuthat_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_kon_hutasingha
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_kon_hutasingha_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_wan_waithayakon
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_wan_waithayakon_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_wichit_wichitwathakan
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_wichit_wichitwathakan_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_wisuth_tonwanik
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_wisuth_tonwanik_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_jira_wichitsongkhram
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_jira_wichitsongkhram_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_jerm_arwuth
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_jerm_arwuth_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_narisara_nuwattiwong
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_narisara_nuwattiwong_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_purachatra_jayakara
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_purachatra_jayakara_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_bung_suphachalasai
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_bung_suphachalasai_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SIA_pijarn_dullalampha
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SIA_pijarn_dullalampha_target
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "La Resistance"
        
    }
    create_operative_leader = {
        name = "Jumkad Plangkoon"
        GFX = GFX_portrait_kr_jumkad_plangkoon
        traits = {
            operative_well_groomed
            
        }
        bypass_recruitment = yes
        available_to_spy_master = yes
        nationalities = {
            SIA
            
        }
        
    }
    create_operative_leader = {
        name = "Puey Ungphakorn"
        GFX = GFX_portrait_kr_puey_ungphakorn
        traits = {
            operative_linguist
            
        }
        bypass_recruitment = yes
        available_to_spy_master = yes
        nationalities = {
            SIA
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
create_import = {
    resource = aluminium
    amount = 8
    exporter = DEI
    
}
create_import = {
    resource = oil
    amount = 8
    exporter = DEI
    
}
activate_advisor = SIA_paribatra_sukhumbhand_sic
