capital = 117
oob = "SIC"
set_naval_oob = "SIC_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sic.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sic.61
    days = 720
    
}
add_ideas = {
    SIC_shipyard_profits
    SIC_pretty_much_feudalism
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1932.5.5"
    election_frequency = 60
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 8
    social_democrat = 10
    social_liberal = 10
    market_liberal = 12
    social_conservative = 30
    authoritarian_democrat = 8
    paternal_autocrat = 12
    national_populist = 10
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = ITA
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = SRD
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = PAP
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = VNC
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = EMI
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = TUS
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = LOM
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
recruit_character = SIC_ferdinando_borbone
recruit_character = SIC_salvatore_aldisio
recruit_character = SIC_luigi_sturzo
recruit_character = SIC_enrico_de_nicola
recruit_character = SIC_enrico_mole
activate_advisor = SIC_luigi_sturzo_sic
recruit_character = SIC_silvio_gai
recruit_character = SIC_guido_jung
recruit_character = SIC_giovanni_niutta
recruit_character = SIC_vincenzo_azzolini
recruit_character = SIC_giovanni_amendola
recruit_character = SIC_giovanni_leone
recruit_character = SIC_gaetano_martino
recruit_character = SIC_ugo_la_malfa
recruit_character = SIC_cipriano_facchinetti
recruit_character = SIC_virgilio_nasi
recruit_character = SIC_francesco_saverio_nitti
recruit_character = SIC_giovanni_ciraolo
recruit_character = SIC_federicco_morozzo_della_rocca
recruit_character = SIC_mario_caraciollo
recruit_character = SIC_federico_baistrocchi
recruit_character = SIC_aurelio_liotta
recruit_character = SIC_francesco_de_pinedo
recruit_character = SIC_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = SIC_fulco_ruffo_di_calabria
recruit_character = SIC_royal_armed_forces_command
recruit_character = SIC_alessandro_pirzio_biroli
recruit_character = SIC_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = SIC_antonio_gualano
recruit_character = SIC_giuseppe_izzo
recruit_character = SIC_carlo_geloso
recruit_character = SIC_achille_starace
recruit_character = SIC_pietro_ago
recruit_character = SIC_mario_arisio
recruit_character = SIC_giulio_ingianni
recruit_character = SIC_salvatore_todaro
recruit_character = SIC_antonino_toscano
recruit_character = SIC_romeo_oliva
recruit_character = SIC_luigi_rizzo
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = SIC_declare_italian_empire
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = SIC_form_italian_confed
    
}
