capital = 617
oob = "SIK"
set_research_slots = 2
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
QIE = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = ROOT
        autonomy_state = associated_governorate
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 11
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 35
    paternal_autocrat = 54
    national_populist = 0
    
}
set_stability = 0.39
set_war_support = 0.29
add_ideas = {
    SIK_pushing_edge
    SIK_opium_addiction
    limited_conscription
    unequal_treaties_lesser
    
}
china_add_poor_army = yes
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = xin.3
    days = 13
    
}
ROOT = {
    KUM = {
        enable_country_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = SIK_fan_yaonan
recruit_character = SIK_ma_shaowu
recruit_character = SIK_yang_zengxin
recruit_character = SIK_long_xielin
recruit_character = SIK_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = SIK_jin_shuren
recruit_character = SIK_burhan_shahidi
recruit_character = SIK_niu_shi
recruit_character = SIK_yang_feixia
recruit_character = SIK_zhang_peiyuan
recruit_character = SIK_li_rong
recruit_character = SIK_qiu_zongjun
recruit_character = SIK_jin_shuxin
recruit_character = SIK_jin_shengwu
activate_advisor = SIK_li_rong_sic
recruit_character = SIK_yu_xiusong
recruit_character = SIK_wu_jingbin
recruit_character = SIK_zhang_fengjiu
recruit_character = SIK_guanglu
recruit_character = SIK_liu_wenlong
recruit_character = SIK_yan_yushan
recruit_character = SIK_yibulayin
recruit_character = SIK_huashengmu
recruit_character = SIK_alen_zheniskhanovich
recruit_character = SIK_lu_liping
recruit_character = SIK_li_xiaotian
recruit_character = SIK_li_hairu
recruit_character = SIK_sheng_shiqi
recruit_character = SIK_jiang_deyu
recruit_character = SIK_chen_yufeng
