capital = 70
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
set_research_slots = 3
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 10
    syndicalist = 15
    social_democrat = 47
    social_liberal = 11
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 2
    paternal_autocrat = 1
    national_populist = 0
    
}
set_stability = 0.6
recruit_character = SLO_milan_hodza
recruit_character = SLO_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = SLO_jan_golian
recruit_character = SLO_stefan_jurech
recruit_character = SLO_augustin_malar
recruit_character = SLO_josef_snejdarek
recruit_character = SLO_mikulas_ferjencik
recruit_character = SLO_viliam_zingor
recruit_character = SLO_army_reform_group
recruit_character = SLO_jan_reznak
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_turanec
recruit_character = SLO_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = SLO_martin_razus
recruit_character = SLO_emil_stodola
recruit_character = SLO_ivan_derer
recruit_character = SLO_vavro_srobar
recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_tuka
recruit_character = SLO_andrej_hlinka
recruit_character = SLO_jan_sverma
recruit_character = SLO_karol_smidke
