capital = 559
oob = "SOM"
set_research_slots = 2
set_war_support = 0.32
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    camelry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = som.1
    days = 1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 5
    social_democrat = 2
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 5
    social_conservative = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 47
    paternal_autocrat = 11
    national_populist = 14
    
}
add_ideas = {
    SOM_iron_fist_of_warsangali
    SOM_foodplease
    extensive_conscription
    
}
recruit_character = SOM_aden_abdulle_osman_daar
recruit_character = SOM_haji_bashir_ismail_yusuf
recruit_character = SOM_abdirashid_ali_shermarke
recruit_character = SOM_jama_abdullahi_qalib
recruit_character = SOM_maxamuud_cali_shiire
recruit_character = SOM_haaji_mahammad_husseen
recruit_character = SOM_assembly_of_clans
activate_advisor = SOM_assembly_of_clans_sic
recruit_character = SOM_yaasiin_xaaji
recruit_character = SOM_madar_hersi_deria
recruit_character = SOM_mukhtar_mohamed_husein
recruit_character = SOM_jama_korshel
recruit_character = SOM_abdallah_al_qutbi
recruit_character = SOM_olol_dinle
recruit_character = SOM_ismail_mire_elmi
recruit_character = SOM_cusmaan_yuusuf_keenadiid
recruit_character = SOM_ughaz_abdi_ii_warfa
recruit_character = SOM_cismaan_iii_maxamuud
recruit_character = SOM_omar_sheikh_ahmed_aray
recruit_character = SOM_yasin_haji_osman_sharmarke
recruit_character = SOM_abdulkadir_dheel
recruit_character = SOM_somali_military_council
