capital = 219
set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 0.1
set_war_support = 0.9
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    fighter1 = 1
    strategic_bomber1 = 1
    naval_bomber1 = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    synth_oil_experiments = 1
    basic_train = 1
    aluminum_production_1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_gw_railway_gun = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
        engine_tech_1 = 1
        engine_tech_2 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = radical_socialist
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 9
    radical_socialist = 41
    syndicalist = 23
    social_democrat = 19
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 3
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 0
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "EST"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "BAT"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "LAT"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "LIT"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "WHR"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "POL"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "UKR"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "DKB"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "GEO"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "AZR"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "ARM"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "MON"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "TRM"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "JAP"
    value = 1
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_irakli_tsereteli
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Irakli_Tsereteli.png"
    ideology = social_democrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_viktor_chernov
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Viktor_Chernov.png"
    ideology = social_democrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_vasily_maklakov
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Vasily_Maklakov.png"
    ideology = market_liberal_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_nikolay_trubetskoy
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Nikolai_Trubetskoy.png"
    ideology = social_conservative_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_dmitry_romanov
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Dmitri_Romanov.png"
    ideology = authoritarian_democrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_pyotr_wrangel
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Pyotr_Wrangel.png"
    ideology = paternal_autocrat_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = RUS_anastasy_vonsyatsky
    picture = "gfx/leaders/RUS/Portrait_RUS_Anastasy_Vonsiatsky.png"
    ideology = national_populist_subtype
    
}
recruit_character = RUS_karl_radek
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandra_kollontai
recruit_character = RUS_aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_bukharin
RUS = {
    recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_shlyapnikov
    RUS_aleksandr_shlyapnikov = {
        set_nationality = SOV
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = RUS_all_russian_congress
activate_advisor = RUS_all_russian_congress_sic
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = RUS_ivar_smilga
recruit_character = RUS_yevgeni_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = RUS_grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = RUS_grigory_zinoviev
recruit_character = RUS_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = RUS_martemyan_ryutin
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_yezhov
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_frunze
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = RUS_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = RUS_iosib_dzugashvili
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_konev
recruit_character = RUS_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = RUS_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = RUS_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_krylov
recruit_character = RUS_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = RUS_hayk_bzhishkyan
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_glazunov
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_goriunov
recruit_character = RUS_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = RUS_timofei_kutsevalov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = RUS_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_vatutin
recruit_character = RUS_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = RUS_arseny_golovko
recruit_character = RUS_neon_antonov
recruit_character = RUS_filipp_ivanov
recruit_character = RUS_gordey_levchenko
RUS_aleksandr_vasilevsky = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_boris_shaposhnikov = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_nikolay_vatutin = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_leonid_govorov = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_arseny_golovko = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_neon_antonov = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_filipp_ivanov = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
RUS_gordey_levchenko = {
    set_character_flag = SOV_character
    set_nationality = RUS
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_aleksandr_yegorov
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_aleksandr_yegorov_target
    add_unit_leader_trait = INT_russian_exile_trait
    set_nationality = FOP
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_georgy_zhukov
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_georgy_zhukov_target
    add_unit_leader_trait = INT_russian_exile_trait
    set_nationality = FOP
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_iosib_dzugashvili
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_iosib_dzugashvili_target
    add_unit_leader_trait = INT_russian_exile_trait
    set_nationality = FOP
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = RUS_mikhail_tukhachevsky
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = RUS_mikhail_tukhachevsky_target
    add_unit_leader_trait = INT_russian_exile_trait
    set_nationality = FRA
    
}
