capital = 41
oob = "SPA"
set_naval_oob = "SPA_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0
set_convoys = 150
set_cosmetic_tag = SPA_kingdom
starting_train_buffer = 2
save_global_event_target_as = original_spain
country_lock_all_division_template = yes
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "SPA_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        iw_large_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "SPA_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        naval_bomber1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
create_dynamic_country = {
    original_tag = SPA
    set_country_flag = SPA_is_socialist_spain
    set_cosmetic_tag = SPA_socialist
    load_focus_tree = SWF_focus
    set_stability = 0.7
    add_war_support = 0.4
    set_politics = {
        ruling_party = syndicalist
        
    }
    set_popularities = {
        totalist = 12
        radical_socialist = 33
        syndicalist = 39
        social_democrat = 5
        social_liberal = 3
        market_liberal = 5
        social_conservative = 0
        authoritarian_democrat = 3
        paternal_autocrat = 0
        national_populist = 0
        
    }
    add_ideas = {
        limited_conscription
        partial_economic_mobilisation
        
    }
    add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
        type = convoy_1
        amount = 30
        producer = SPA
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_augusto_barcia_trelles
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_augusto_barcia_trelles_civilian_large
        ideology = social_democrat_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_manuel_azana_diaz
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_manuel_azana_diaz_civilian_large
        ideology = social_liberal_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_niceto_alcala_zamora
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_niceto_alcala_zamora_civilian_large
        ideology = market_liberal_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_jose_calvo_sotelo
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_jose_calvo_sotelo_civilian_large
        ideology = social_conservative_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_gil_robles
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_gil_robles_civilian_large
        ideology = authoritarian_democrat_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_emilio_mola_vidal
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_emilio_mola_vidal_army_large
        ideology = paternal_autocrat_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_camilo_alonso_vega
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_camilo_alonso_vega_army_large
        ideology = national_populist_subtype
        
    }
    recruit_character = SWF_dolores_ibarruri_gomez
    recruit_character = SWF_francisco_largo_caballero
    recruit_character = SWF_angel_pestana_nunez
    recruit_character = SWF_buenaventura_durruti
    promote_character = SWF_dolores_ibarruri_gomez
    promote_character = SWF_francisco_largo_caballero
    promote_character = SWF_angel_pestana_nunez
    promote_character = SWF_buenaventura_durruti
    recruit_character = SWF_comite_central_de_la_cnt_fai
    activate_advisor = SWF_comite_central_de_la_cnt_fai_sic
    recruit_character = SWF_fernandez_osorio_y_tafall
    recruit_character = SWF_domenec_batet
    recruit_character = SWF_jose_riquelme_y_lopez_bago
    recruit_character = SWF_emilio_herrera_linares
    recruit_character = SWF_vicente_rojo_lluch
    recruit_character = SWF_juan_garcia_oliver
    recruit_character = SWF_horacio_martinez_prieto
    recruit_character = SWF_joan_peiro
    recruit_character = SWF_andreu_nin_perez
    recruit_character = SWF_ramon_rufat
    recruit_character = SPA_augusto_barcia_trelles_advisor
    recruit_character = SPA_manuel_azana_diaz_advisor
    recruit_character = SPA_niceto_alcala_zamora_advisor
    recruit_character = SWF_enrique_lister_forjan
    recruit_character = SWF_cipriano_mera
    recruit_character = SWF_julio_mangada
    recruit_character = SWF_ignacio_hidalgo
    recruit_character = SWF_felipe_diaz_sandino
    recruit_character = SWF_pedro_padro_mendizabal
    recruit_character = SWF_luis_gonzales_de_ubieta
    recruit_character = SWF_juan_modesto
    recruit_character = SWF_jose_pellicer_gandia
    recruit_character = SWF_virgilio_leret_luiz
    recruit_character = SWF_luis_casado_escudero
    recruit_character = SWF_eleuterio_diaz_tendero_merchan
    recruit_character = SWF_manuel_taguena
    recruit_character = SWF_pavel_batov
    recruit_character = SWF_joaquin_ascaso_budria
    SPA_naval_variants = yes
    SPA_create_templates = yes
    reserve_dynamic_country = yes
    set_country_flag = reserved_dynamic_tag
    
}
create_dynamic_country = {
    original_tag = SPA
    set_country_flag = SPA_is_carlist_spain
    set_cosmetic_tag = SPA_carlists
    load_focus_tree = SPR_focus
    set_stability = 0.7
    add_war_support = 0.2
    set_politics = {
        ruling_party = national_populist
        
    }
    set_popularities = {
        totalist = 0
        radical_socialist = 0
        syndicalist = 0
        social_democrat = 3
        social_liberal = 3
        market_liberal = 7
        social_conservative = 0
        authoritarian_democrat = 10
        paternal_autocrat = 12
        national_populist = 65
        
    }
    set_party_name = {
        ideology = national_populist
        long_name = SPR_national_populist_party_long
        name = SPR_national_populist_party
        
    }
    add_ideas = {
        limited_conscription
        partial_economic_mobilisation
        
    }
    add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
        type = convoy_1
        amount = 30
        producer = SPA
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SWF_dolores_ibarruri_gomez
        picture = GFX_portrait_SWF_dolores_ibarruri_gomez_civilian_large
        ideology = totalist_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SWF_angel_pestana_nunez
        picture = GFX_portrait_SWF_angel_pestana_nunez_army_large
        ideology = radical_socialist_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SWF_buenaventura_durruti
        picture = GFX_portrait_SWF_buenaventura_durruti_army_large
        ideology = syndicalist_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_augusto_barcia_trelles
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_augusto_barcia_trelles_civilian_large
        ideology = social_democrat_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_manuel_azana_diaz
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_manuel_azana_diaz_civilian_large
        ideology = social_liberal_subtype
        
    }
    create_country_leader = {
        name = SPA_niceto_alcala_zamora
        picture = GFX_portrait_SPA_niceto_alcala_zamora_civilian_large
        ideology = market_liberal_subtype
        
    }
    recruit_character = SPR_javier_de_borbon_parma
    SPR_javier_de_borbon_parma = {
        set_character_flag = is_monarch
        promote_character = social_conservative_subtype
        promote_character = authoritarian_democrat_subtype
        promote_character = paternal_autocrat_subtype
        promote_character = national_populist_subtype
        
    }
    recruit_character = SPR_manuel_fal_conde
    activate_advisor = SPR_manuel_fal_conde_sic
    recruit_character = SPR_jose_maria_valiente
    recruit_character = SPR_alejandro_goicoechea_omar
    recruit_character = SPR_tomas_dominguez_arevalo
    recruit_character = SPR_dolores_de_gortazar
    recruit_character = SPR_pedro_segura
    recruit_character = SPR_jaime_del_burgo_torres
    recruit_character = SPR_antonio_de_lizarza
    recruit_character = SPR_miguel_cabanellas_ferrer
    recruit_character = SPR_gonzalo_queipo_de_llano
    recruit_character = SPR_mariano_gamir_ulibarri
    recruit_character = SPR_jose_moscardo_ituarte
    recruit_character = SPR_ricardo_de_rada_y_peral
    recruit_character = SPA_salvador_moreno_hernandez
    recruit_character = SPR_rafael_garcia_valino
    recruit_character = SPR_heliodoro_rolando_de_tella_cantos
    recruit_character = SPR_juan_vigon_suero_diaz
    recruit_character = SPR_jose_enrique_varela
    SPA_naval_variants = yes
    SPA_create_templates = yes
    reserve_dynamic_country = yes
    set_country_flag = reserved_dynamic_tag
    
}
set_country_flag = SPA_is_alfonsist_spain
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 2
    syndicalist = 5
    social_democrat = 9
    social_liberal = 10
    market_liberal = 12
    social_conservative = 8
    authoritarian_democrat = 47
    paternal_autocrat = 5
    national_populist = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sprd.4
    days = 13
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sprd.8
    days = 32
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sprd.13
    days = 57
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sprd.21
    days = 300
    
}
add_ideas = {
    volunteer_only
    SPA_social_breakdown
    SPA_memories_of_the_republic
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = SWF_dolores_ibarruri_gomez
    picture = GFX_portrait_SWF_dolores_ibarruri_gomez_civilian_large
    ideology = totalist_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = SWF_angel_pestana_nunez
    picture = GFX_portrait_SWF_angel_pestana_nunez_army_large
    ideology = radical_socialist_subtype
    
}
create_country_leader = {
    name = SWF_buenaventura_durruti
    picture = GFX_portrait_SWF_buenaventura_durruti_army_large
    ideology = syndicalist_subtype
    
}
recruit_character = SPA_alfonso_de_borbon
recruit_character = SPA_jaime_de_borbon
recruit_character = SPA_juan_de_borbon
recruit_character = SPA_henri_de_borbon
recruit_character = SPA_augusto_barcia_trelles
recruit_character = SPA_manuel_azana_diaz
recruit_character = SPA_niceto_alcala_zamora
recruit_character = SPA_jose_calvo_sotelo
recruit_character = SPA_gil_robles
recruit_character = SPA_emilio_mola_vidal
recruit_character = SPA_camilo_alonso_vega
activate_advisor = SPA_gil_robles_sic
recruit_character = SPA_francisco_de_borbon_de_la_torre
recruit_character = SPA_francisco_serrat_y_bonastre
recruit_character = SPA_miguel_maura_gamazo
recruit_character = SPA_fidel_davila_arrondo
recruit_character = SPA_german_gil_y_yuste
recruit_character = SPA_juan_march_ordinas
recruit_character = SPA_pilar_millan_astray
recruit_character = SPA_jose_sanjurjo_sacanell
recruit_character = SPA_francisco_franco_bahamonde
recruit_character = SPA_leopoldo_saro_marin
recruit_character = SPA_emilio_barrera_luyando
recruit_character = SPA_manuel_goded_llopis
recruit_character = SPA_damaso_berenguer_fuste
recruit_character = SPA_jose_millan_astray_y_terreros
recruit_character = SPA_manuel_vierna_belando
recruit_character = SPA_juan_yague_blanco
recruit_character = SPA_luis_carrero_blanco
recruit_character = SPA_francisco_moreno_fernandez
recruit_character = SPA_joaquin_garcia_morato
recruit_character = SPA_miguel_ponte_manso_de_zuniga
recruit_character = SPA_enrique_canovas_lacruz
recruit_character = SPA_angel_salas_larrazabal
SPA_alfonso_de_borbon = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
SPA_jaime_de_borbon = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
SPA_juan_de_borbon = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
