capital = 597
set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.4
oob = "SQI"
set_convoys = 15
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_support = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = shandong.2
    days = 21
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
QIE = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = ROOT
        autonomy_state = associated_governorate
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 7
    authoritarian_democrat = 22
    paternal_autocrat = 43
    national_populist = 28
    
}
add_ideas = {
    SQI_Rampant_drug_trade
    SQI_flight_north
    unequal_treaties
    
}
country_lock_all_division_template = yes
china_add_poor_army = yes
recruit_character = SQI_fu_sinian
recruit_character = SQI_zhang_shulin
recruit_character = SQI_ma_shiwei
recruit_character = SQI_qu_yingguang
recruit_character = SQI_zhang_zongchang
recruit_character = SQI_zhang_tianran
recruit_character = SQI_li_zaolin
recruit_character = SQI_zhu_qinglan
recruit_character = SQI_sun_suzhen
activate_advisor = SQI_li_zaolin_sic
recruit_character = SQI_zhang_fuyun
recruit_character = SQI_lu_dezhen
recruit_character = SQI_wang_zonglu
recruit_character = SQI_han_enrong
recruit_character = SQI_lu_zhongjie
recruit_character = SQI_kong_dechong
recruit_character = SQI_chu_yupu
recruit_character = SQI_li_jinglin
recruit_character = SQI_ma_liang
recruit_character = SQI_jin_yune
recruit_character = SQI_zhao_hong_wenguo
recruit_character = SQI_zhang_huaizhi
recruit_character = SQI_xu_yuanquan
recruit_character = SQI_hakuro_kohinata
recruit_character = SQI_junnosuke_date
recruit_character = SQI_sun_dianying
recruit_character = SQI_zhang_jingyao
recruit_character = SQI_li_lijiu
recruit_character = SQI_xue_dian
recruit_character = SQI_lu_yongxiang
recruit_character = SQI_boris_annenkov
recruit_character = SQI_liu_zhennian
recruit_character = SQI_qu_tongfeng
recruit_character = SQI_lu_jin
recruit_character = SQI_wu_huawen
recruit_character = SQI_lin_jianzhang
recruit_character = SQI_robert_short
recruit_character = SQI_vincent_schmidt
recruit_character = SQI_antonio_riva
SQI_qu_yingguang = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_zhang_zongchang = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:fengtian
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_zhang_tianran = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:zhili
        
    }
    
}
SQI_liu_zhennian = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_lu_yongxiang = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SQI_lu_jin = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SQI_li_lijiu = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SQI_xue_dian = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SQI_zhang_huaizhi = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SQI_xu_yuanquan = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_li_jinglin = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_wu_huawen = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_jin_yune = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_ma_liang = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SQI_boris_annenkov = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_zhang_jingyao = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_sun_dianying = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_chu_yupu = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_li_zaolin = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_qu_tongfeng = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_junnosuke_date = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_hakuro_kohinata = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SQI_zhao_hong_wenguo = {
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
