capital = 114
oob = "SRD"
set_naval_oob = "SRD_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_heavy_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_secondary_battery = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
        improved_airplane_launcher = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = srd.0
    days = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "ITA"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "PAP"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SRI"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SIC"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "VNC"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "LOM"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "EMI"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    SRD_entente_support_1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1918.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    social_democrat = 23
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 5
    social_conservative = 25
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 42
    national_populist = 0
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = ITA
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = SIC
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = PAP
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = VNC
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = EMI
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = TUS
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = LOM
    decision = SRD_attack_italy
    
}
recruit_character = SRD_amedeo_aosta
recruit_character = SRD_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = SRD_giuseppe_valle
recruit_character = SRD_pietro_pintor
recruit_character = SRD_umberto_carignano
recruit_character = SRD_filiberto_pistoia
recruit_character = SRD_amedeo_guillet
recruit_character = SRD_giuseppe_montezemolo
recruit_character = SRD_adalberto_genova
recruit_character = SRD_mario_roatta
recruit_character = SRD_bruno_malaguti
recruit_character = SRD_aimone_aosta
recruit_character = SRD_domenico_cavagnari
recruit_character = SRD_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = SRD_giorgio_bardanzellu
recruit_character = SRD_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = SRD_roberto_lucifero_d_aprigliano
recruit_character = SRD_luigi_efisio_marras
recruit_character = SRD_raffaele_sanna_randaccio
recruit_character = SRD_antonio_segni
recruit_character = SRD_alfredo_corrias
recruit_character = SRD_camillo_bellieni
recruit_character = SRD_alessandro_scotti
recruit_character = SRD_emilio_lussu
recruit_character = SRD_bruno_villabruna
recruit_character = SRD_adone_zoli
recruit_character = SRD_arturo_labriola
recruit_character = SRD_giovanni_persico
recruit_character = SRD_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = SRD_giovanni_sechi
recruit_character = SRD_raimondo_scintu
recruit_character = SRD_luigi_oggiano
recruit_character = SRD_battista_bardanzellu
recruit_character = SRD_alessandro_nanni
recruit_character = SRD_luigi_crespellani
recruit_character = SRD_stefano_siglienti
recruit_character = SRD_edoardo_agnelli
recruit_character = SRD_ernesto_maria_piovella
recruit_character = SRD_petru_rocca
recruit_character = SRD_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = SRD_giuseppe_musinu
recruit_character = SRD_paolo_berardi
recruit_character = SRD_enrico_martini
recruit_character = SRD_angelo_parona
recruit_character = SRD_francesco_serra
recruit_character = SRD_rino_corso_fougier
recruit_character = SRD_pietro_pinna_parpaglia
recruit_character = SRD_renato_sandalli
activate_advisor = SRD_giorgio_bardanzellu_sic
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SRD_mario_roatta
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SRD_mario_roatta_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SRD_bruno_malaguti
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SRD_bruno_malaguti_target
    
}
