capital = 158
oob = "SRI"
set_naval_oob = "SRI_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.2
starting_train_buffer = 1
add_ideas = {
    SRI_divided_nation
    SRI_red_guards_idea
    
}
ITA = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
VNC = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
TUS = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
EMI = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
SIC = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
PAP = {
    embargo_ROOT = yes
    
}
give_military_access = FRA
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = FRA
    modifier = KR_close_allies
    
}
diplomatic_relation = {
    country = FRA
    relation = non_aggression_pact
    
}
give_military_access = ENG
add_opinion_modifier = {
    target = ENG
    modifier = KR_close_allies
    
}
diplomatic_relation = {
    country = ENG
    relation = non_aggression_pact
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "ITA"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "PAP"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SRD"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "SIC"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "VNC"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "LOM"
    value = 1
    
}
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "EMI"
    value = 1
    
}
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    early_bomber = 1
    naval_bomber1 = 1
    CAS1 = 1
    basic_train = 1
    aluminum_production_1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    jngdst_clothes_gw = 1
    r56_railway_mortar_subtech = 1
    sniper_rifle = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "No Step Back"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "No Step Back"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        basic_secondary_battery = 1
        improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        mtg_transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        NOT = {
            has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
            
        }
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        transport = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_global_flag = KR_italy_balance
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.85
    days = 446
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.86
    days = 476
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.87
    days = 506
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.88
    days = 536
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.89
    days = 566
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.90
    days = 481
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.100
    days = 486
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.101
    days = 90
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.102
    days = 360
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.103
    days = 1906
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.105
    days = 3000
    
}
country_event = {
    id = socitaly.109
    days = 1247
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = syndicalist
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 10
    radical_socialist = 28
    syndicalist = 47
    social_democrat = 10
    social_liberal = 5
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 0
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 0
    
}
recruit_character = SRI_benito_mussolini
recruit_character = SRI_palmiro_togliatti
recruit_character = SRI_alceste_de_ambris
recruit_character = SRI_giacomo_matteotti
recruit_character = SRI_giuseppe_romita
recruit_character = SRI_olindo_vernocchi
recruit_character = SRI_gaetano_salvemini
recruit_character = SRI_angelo_tasca
recruit_character = SRI_giuseppe_di_vittorio
recruit_character = SRI_nicola_bombacci
recruit_character = SRI_pietro_nenni
recruit_character = SRI_altiero_spinelli
recruit_character = SRI_antonio_gramsci
recruit_character = SRI_achille_grandi
recruit_character = SRI_luigi_longo
recruit_character = SRI_attilio_sassi
recruit_character = SRI_luigi_razza
recruit_character = SRI_bruno_buozzi
recruit_character = SRI_giuseppe_saragat
recruit_character = SRI_tullio_cianetti
recruit_character = SRI_bruno_pontecorvo
recruit_character = SRI_randolfo_pacciardi
recruit_character = SRI_edmondo_rossoni
recruit_character = SRI_dardano_fenulli
recruit_character = SRI_ettore_troilo
recruit_character = SRI_giovanni_duca
recruit_character = SRI_francesco_de_martini
recruit_character = SRI_igino_ghisellini
recruit_character = SRI_michele_bianchi
recruit_character = SRI_attilio_teruzzi
recruit_character = SRI_enea_navarini
recruit_character = SRI_pompeo_colajanni
recruit_character = SRI_ines_donati
recruit_character = SRI_piera_gatteschi_fondelli
SRI_ines_donati = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
SRI_piera_gatteschi_fondelli = {
    set_nationality = XXA
    
}
recruit_character = SRI_carlo_avegno
recruit_character = SRI_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = SRI_riccardo_paladini
recruit_character = SRI_romeo_bernotti
recruit_character = SRI_luigi_biancheri
recruit_character = SRI_alfredo_pizzoni
recruit_character = SRI_vladimiro_pini
recruit_character = SRI_umberto_nobile
recruit_character = SRI_italo_piccagli
recruit_character = SRI_sabato_martelli_castaldi
recruit_character = SRI_ugo_macchieraldo
recruit_character = SRI_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = SRI_enrico_fermi
recruit_character = SRI_gaetano_crocco
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = SRI_dardano_fenulli
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = SRI_dardano_fenulli_target
    
}
