capital = 3
oob = "SWI"
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    aluminum_production_1 = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    winter_clothes_gw = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "SWI_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        basic_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "SWI_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_research_slots = 3
add_ideas = {
    extensive_conscription
    free_trade
    SWI_neutrality_idea
    SWI_geneva_memories
    SWI_field_marshal
    
}
set_war_support = 0.55
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = market_liberal
    last_election = "1935.10.18"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 1
    syndicalist = 4
    social_democrat = 8
    social_liberal = 9
    market_liberal = 51
    social_conservative = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 7
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 10
    
}
activate_mission = SWI_peace_mission_ongoing
country_event = {
    id = prewar.1
    days = 397
    
}
country_event = {
    id = swiss.71
    days = 96
    
}
country_event = {
    id = swiss.143
    days = 70
    
}
country_event = {
    id = swiss.145
    days = 213
    
}
country_event = {
    id = swiss.146
    months = 10
    
}
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_herzog
recruit_character = SWI_jules_humbert_droz
recruit_character = SWI_robert_grimm
recruit_character = SWI_swiss_federal_council
recruit_character = SWI_hans_heinrich_itschner
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_brupbacher
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_nobs
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_wetter
recruit_character = SWI_philip_etter
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oprecht
recruit_character = SWI_walter_gunthart
recruit_character = SWI_markus_feldmann
recruit_character = SWI_hans_muller
recruit_character = SWI_otto_punter
recruit_character = SWI_max_rotter
recruit_character = SWI_marcel_pilet_golaz
recruit_character = SWI_emil_keller
recruit_character = SWI_jean_marie_musy
recruit_character = SWI_eduard_von_steiger
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_leonhardt
recruit_character = SWI_robert_tobler
recruit_character = SWI_hans_hausamann
recruit_character = SWI_eugen_bircher
recruit_character = SWI_henri_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_ulrich_wille_jr
recruit_character = SWI_jules_borel
recruit_character = SWI_gustave_combe
recruit_character = SWI_hermann_flueckiger
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_labhardt
recruit_character = SWI_jean_de_muralt
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_huber
recruit_character = SWI_louis_de_montmollin
recruit_character = SWI_hans_bandi
recruit_character = SWI_friedrich_prisi
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_rihner
recruit_character = SWI_werner_lindecker
recruit_character = SWI_etienne_primault
