capital = 554
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    camelry = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_conservative
    last_election = "1935.12.31"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 4
    social_democrat = 1
    social_liberal = 15
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 39
    authoritarian_democrat = 17
    paternal_autocrat = 19
    national_populist = 2
    
}
add_ideas = {
    syr_sunni_elite_control
    syr_lebanese_unrest
    syr_alawite_unrest
    syr_mudafaa_hukuk
    syr_ottoman_military
    partial_economic_mobilisation
    
}
680 = {
    force_enable_resistance = SYR
    
}
recruit_character = SYR_akram_al_hourani
recruit_character = SYR_khalid_bakdash
recruit_character = SYR_said_al_jazairi
recruit_character = SYR_rushdi_al_kikhiya
recruit_character = SYR_hashim_al_atassi
recruit_character = SYR_shukri_al_quwatli
recruit_character = SYR_sultan_al_atrash
recruit_character = SYR_husni_al_zaim
recruit_character = SYR_antun_saadeh
recruit_character = SYR_abd_al_rahman_shahbandar
recruit_character = SYR_jamil_mardam_bey
recruit_character = SYR_muhsen_barazi
recruit_character = SYR_maarouf_al_dawalibi
recruit_character = SYR_nazim_kudsi
recruit_character = SYR_rashad_barmada
recruit_character = SYR_raghib_nashashibi
recruit_character = SYR_fakhri_nashashibi
recruit_character = SYR_edmond_homsi
recruit_character = SYR_saadallah_jabiri
recruit_character = SYR_fares_khoury
recruit_character = SYR_abdulrahman_kayali
recruit_character = SYR_lutfi_haffar
recruit_character = SYR_abdullah_atfeh
recruit_character = SYR_fawzi_selu
recruit_character = SYR_sati_husri
recruit_character = SYR_ahmad_sharbati
recruit_character = SYR_george_abd_messih
recruit_character = SYR_said_taqiyaddin
recruit_character = SYR_salah_al_shishakli
recruit_character = SYR_sami_al_hinawi
recruit_character = SYR_adib_bin_hassan
recruit_character = SYR_aziz_ali_al_misri
recruit_character = SYR_yusuf_al_azma
recruit_character = SYR_fawzi_al_qawuqji
recruit_character = SYR_anwar_bannud
recruit_character = SYR_army_subservient_air_command
recruit_character = SYR_army_naval_arm
recruit_character = SYR_interbranch_cooperation
activate_advisor = SYR_abd_al_rahman_shahbandar_sic
SYR_raghib_nashashibi = {
    set_nationality = PAL
    
}
SYR_yusuf_al_azma = {
    retire = yes
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Infantry Division"
    division_names_group = SYR_INF_01
    regiments = {
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 2
            y = 0
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 2
            y = 1
            
        }
        infantry = {
            x = 2
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Independent Mechanized Brigade"
    division_names_group = SYR_ARM_01
    regiments = {
        light_armor = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        light_armor = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        motorized = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        motorized = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        mot_artillery_brigade = {
            x = 2
            y = 0
            
        }
        mot_artillery_brigade = {
            x = 2
            y = 1
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Cavalry Division"
    division_names_group = SYR_CAV_01
    regiments = {
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        cavalry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
division_template = {
    name = "Camel Corps"
    division_names_group = SYR_CAV_01
    regiments = {
        camelry = {
            x = 0
            y = 0
            
        }
        camelry = {
            x = 0
            y = 1
            
        }
        camelry = {
            x = 0
            y = 2
            
        }
        camelry = {
            x = 1
            y = 0
            
        }
        camelry = {
            x = 1
            y = 1
            
        }
        camelry = {
            x = 1
            y = 2
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
