capital = 605
oob = "SZC"
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.3
set_research_slots = 2
starting_train_buffer = 1
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_irregulars = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
QIE = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = ROOT
        autonomy_state = associated_governorate
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1930.11.9"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    social_democrat = 2
    social_liberal = 2
    market_liberal = 14
    social_conservative = 16
    authoritarian_democrat = 16
    paternal_autocrat = 38
    national_populist = 12
    
}
add_ideas = {
    SZC_internal_divisions
    SZC_looming_agricultural_crisis
    SZC_baoding_influence
    unequal_treaties
    
}
china_add_poor_army = yes
country_lock_all_division_template = yes
set_variable = {
    country_intro_page_count = 3
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sichuan.120
    days = 48
    random_hours = 432
    
}
country_event = {
    id = sichuan.125
    days = 451
    random_hours = 288
    
}
recruit_character = SZC_zhang_lan
recruit_character = SZC_he_luzhi
recruit_character = SZC_lu_chao
recruit_character = SZC_xiong_kewu
recruit_character = SZC_liu_wenhui
recruit_character = SZC_deng_xihou
recruit_character = SZC_yang_sen
recruit_character = SZC_liu_cunhou
recruit_character = SZC_liu_xiang
recruit_character = SZC_fan_shaozeng
recruit_character = SZC_wang_lingji
recruit_character = SZC_he_guoguang
recruit_character = SZC_zhou_daogang
recruit_character = SZC_wang_zuanxu
recruit_character = SZC_tian_songyao
recruit_character = SZC_pan_wenhua
recruit_character = SZC_tang_shizun
recruit_character = SZC_guo_xunqi
recruit_character = SZC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = SZC_li_jiayu
recruit_character = SZC_lu_zuofu
recruit_character = SZC_ba_jin
recruit_character = SZC_luo_ruiqing
recruit_character = SZC_zhou_conghua
recruit_character = SZC_tang_chun_i
recruit_character = SZC_luo_zezhou
recruit_character = SZC_zhao_weibin
recruit_character = SZC_xu_guozhang
recruit_character = SZC_wang_mingzhang
recruit_character = SZC_zheng_shaoyu
recruit_character = SZC_yue_yiqin
recruit_character = SZC_yang_shukan
recruit_character = SZC_ren_hongjun
SZC_yang_sen = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:northern_zhili
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SZC_armament_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_liu_cunhou = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:northern_zhili
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SZC_armament_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_fan_shaozeng = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_armament_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_wang_lingji = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_armament_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_he_guoguang = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_armament_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_zhou_daogang = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_armament_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_deng_xihou = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:chinese_southern_republican
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_liu_wenhui = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:chinese_southern_republican
        
    }
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_liu_xiang = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_industrial_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_pan_wenhua = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_industrial_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_tang_shizun = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_industrial_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_guo_xunqi = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_industrial_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    
}
SZC_lu_chao = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:chinese_southern_republican
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SZC_officer_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SZC_xiong_kewu = {
    set_variable = {
        china_alignment = token:chinese_southern_republican
        
    }
    set_character_flag = SZC_officer_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SZC_liu_bocheng = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_officer_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
SZC_li_jiayu = {
    set_character_flag = SZC_officer_leader
    set_character_flag = CHN_original_unit_leader
    retire = yes
    
}
