capital = 773
oob = "TUR"
set_naval_oob = "TUR_naval"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 40
set_cosmetic_tag = TUR_ottoman_empire
set_country_flag = TUR_is_ottomans
save_global_event_target_as = original_turkey
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    camelry = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    interwar_antiair = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    fuel_refining = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "TUR_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "TUR_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        basic_light_tank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        coastal_defense_ships = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        submarine_mine_laying = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_submarine = 1
        early_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battlecruiser = 1
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = representatives_support
    value = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = representatives_total
    value = 500
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = ohf_deputies
    value = 150
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = hif_deputies
    value = 54
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = odf_deputies
    value = 33
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = con_deputies
    value = 105
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_deputies
    value = 133
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = ind_deputies
    value = 25
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_ara_deputies
    value = 86
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_ara_sup_deputies
    value = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_ara_opp_deputies
    value = 86
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_tur_deputies
    value = 47
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_tur_sup_deputies
    value = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = nat_tur_opp_deputies
    value = 47
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = con_sup_deputies
    value = 55
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = con_opp_deputies
    value = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = ind_sup_deputies
    value = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = ind_opp_deputies
    value = 25
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = coalition_stability
    value = 1
    
}
OTT_calc_coalition_strength = yes
OTT_recalc_congress_icon_frames = yes
country_event = {
    id = ottpol.1
    days = 10
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ott.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = otteco.1
    days = 3
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.1
    days = 40
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.1
    days = 67
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.5
    days = 70
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottpol.9
    days = 91
    random_hours = 24
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.2
    days = 110
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.13
    days = 160
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.4
    days = 200
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.5
    days = 220
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.6
    days = 250
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.11
    days = 310
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.11
    days = 375
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.7
    days = 400
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.10
    days = 410
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.9
    days = 425
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.3
    days = 450
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.14
    days = 470
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.8
    days = 480
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.8
    days = 500
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.18
    days = 530
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.14
    days = 560
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.20
    days = 580
    
}
country_event = {
    id = assyria_events.1
    days = 600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.13
    days = 740
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.26
    days = 755
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.11
    days = 800
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.7
    days = 1200
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.19
    days = 1456
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottsep.22
    days = 1600
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.16
    days = 3000
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.21
    days = 3143
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ottfla.12
    days = 348
    
}
LBA = {
    country_event = {
        id = ottfla.12
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
TRK = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
BUK = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
KHI = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
EGY = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
SAU = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
AFG = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
AZR = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
OMA = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
YEM = {
    country_event = {
        id = ott.0
        days = 348
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    var_state_stability = -0.25
    
}
add_ideas = {
    volunteer_only
    ott_vilayet_stability_idea
    ott_institutionalised_islam
    ott_widespread_illiteracy
    ott_armed_neutrality
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = syr_integration_factor
    value = 25
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = gre_integration_factor
    value = 40
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = kur_integration_factor
    value = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = hej_integration_factor
    value = 30
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = irq_integration_factor
    value = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = tri_integration_factor
    value = 10
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1935.10.11"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 2
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 12
    market_liberal = 21
    social_conservative = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 46
    paternal_autocrat = 13
    national_populist = 1
    
}
give_military_access = GER
add_ai_strategy = {
    type = ignore_claim
    id = "AZR"
    value = 1
    
}
recruit_character = TUR_abdulmecid_osmanoglu
recruit_character = TUR_ahmed_osmanoglu
recruit_character = TUR_osman_fuad_osmanoglu
recruit_character = TUR_omer_faruk_osmanoglu
recruit_character = TUR_resad_fuad_baraner
recruit_character = TUR_sefik_husnu_deymer
recruit_character = TUR_hikmet_kivilcimli
recruit_character = TUR_hasan_ali_yucel
recruit_character = TUR_ali_fethi_okyar
recruit_character = TUR_ahmet_muhtar_cilli
recruit_character = TUR_adnan_menderes
recruit_character = TUR_yusuf_hikmet_bayur
recruit_character = TUR_ismet_resit
recruit_character = TUR_fevzi_cakmak
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_kazim_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_recep_peker
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_kemal
recruit_character = TUR_sultanzade_mehmed_sabahaddin
recruit_character = TUR_musa_kazim_karabekir
recruit_character = TUR_mahmud_celaleddin_bayar
recruit_character = TUR_shakib_arslan
recruit_character = TUR_no_grand_vizier
recruit_character = TUR_sevket_sureyya_aydemir
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_sabri
activate_advisor = TUR_mustafa_kemal_sic
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_nuri_conker
recruit_character = TUR_falih_rifki_atay
recruit_character = TUR_mahmut_esat_bozkurt
recruit_character = TUR_ali_kemal_kuneralp
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_cavit_yalcin
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_vasif_karakol
recruit_character = TUR_yusuf_kemal_tengirsenk
recruit_character = TUR_yakup_kadri_karaosmanoglu
recruit_character = TUR_ismail_hakki_canbulat
recruit_character = TUR_ahmet_naci_tinaz
recruit_character = TUR_halide_edip_adivar
recruit_character = TUR_riza_nur
recruit_character = TUR_mehmed_sukru_saracoglu
recruit_character = TUR_resat_muhlis_erkmen
recruit_character = TUR_suleiman_sirri_aral
recruit_character = TUR_yunus_nadi_abalioglu
recruit_character = TUR_husnu_bingol
recruit_character = TUR_fatin_rustu_zorlu
recruit_character = TUR_cemal_mersinli
recruit_character = TUR_izzetin_calislar
recruit_character = TUR_vecihi_hurkus
recruit_character = TUR_omer_fahrettin_turkkan
recruit_character = TUR_nuri_yamut
recruit_character = TUR_hayrullah_fisek
recruit_character = TUR_abdurrahman_nafiz_gurman
recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_muglali
recruit_character = TUR_cemil_cahit_toydemir
recruit_character = TUR_asim_gunduz
recruit_character = TUR_sefik_aker
recruit_character = TUR_huseyin_husnu_erkilet
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_hayri_tarhan
recruit_character = TUR_nihat_anilmis
recruit_character = TUR_fahrettin_altay
recruit_character = TUR_tahsin_yazici
recruit_character = TUR_selahattin_adil
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_ali_ulgen
recruit_character = TUR_sukru_okan
recruit_character = TUR_huseyin_rauf_orbay
recruit_character = TUR_mahmud_muhtar_katircioglu
recruit_character = TUR_refet_bele
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_rustu_sakarya
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_sadik_altincan
recruit_character = TUR_muzaffer_goksenin
recruit_character = TUR_fevzi_ucaner
recruit_character = TUR_cemil_conk
recruit_character = TUR_ali_fuat_cebesoy
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_fahri_engin
recruit_character = TUR_zeki_baraz_kolac_kilicoglu
TUR_abdulmecid_osmanoglu = {
    set_variable = {
        global.TUR_ottoman_sultan = THIS
        
    }
    
}
TUR_sevket_sureyya_aydemir = {
    retire = yes
    
}
TUR_mustafa_sabri = {
    retire = yes
    
}
TUR_fatin_rustu_zorlu = {
    retire = yes
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_lar = yes
        
    }
    create_operative_leader = {
        name = "Elyasa Bazna"
        GFX = GFX_portrait_kr_elyasa_bazna
        traits = {
            operative_linguist
            operative_infiltrator
            
        }
        available_to_spy_master = yes
        nationalities = {
            TUR
            ALB
            
        }
        
    }
    
}
