capital = 202
oob = "UKR"
set_naval_oob = "UKR_naval"
set_convoys = 50
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.21
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    motorised_infantry = 1
    armored_car1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    fuel_silos = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_gw_railway_gun = 1
    steel_production_1 = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "UKR_air_bba"
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        early_bombs = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        iw_medium_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_air_oob = "UKR_air_legacy"
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        fighter1 = 1
        CAS1 = 1
        early_bomber = 1
        tactical_bomber1 = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_ship_hull_light = 1
        basic_naval_mines = 1
        basic_ship_hull_light = 1
        early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
        early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
        early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
        basic_depth_charges = 1
        basic_torpedo = 1
        basic_battery = 1
        basic_light_battery = 1
        basic_medium_battery = 1
        improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
        basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_mtg = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_destroyer = 1
        basic_destroyer = 1
        early_light_cruiser = 1
        basic_light_cruiser = 1
        early_submarine = 1
        basic_submarine = 1
        early_heavy_cruiser = 1
        basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
        early_battleship = 1
        basic_battleship = 1
        
    }
    
}
GER = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = UKR
        autonomy_state = oststaat_autonomous
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
    last_election = "1932.11.30"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    syndicalist = 10
    radical_socialist = 9
    social_democrat = 18
    social_liberal = 13
    market_liberal = 4
    social_conservative = 5
    authoritarian_democrat = 28
    paternal_autocrat = 7
    national_populist = 5
    
}
add_ideas = {
    free_trade
    limited_conscription
    UKR_unfinished_revolution
    UKR_halted_industrialisation_plans
    UKR_strong_agrarian_economy
    UKR_land_reform_debacle
    german-ukrainian_railways
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.2
    days = 45
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.4
    days = 21
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.6
    days = 28
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.8
    days = 118
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.11
    days = 5
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.36
    days = 174
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.61
    days = 480
    random_days = 15
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.50
    days = 555
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.51
    days = 645
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.64
    days = 700
    random_days = 100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.53
    days = 849
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.175
    days = 840
    random_days = 60
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.177
    days = 900
    random_days = 60
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.182
    days = 740
    random_days = 60
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.183
    days = 640
    random_days = 60
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.187
    days = 650
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.211
    days = 700
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.194
    days = 785
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.217
    days = 835
    random_days = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.241
    days = 1270
    random_days = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.202
    days = 930
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.162
    days = 1050
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.65
    days = 800
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.55
    days = 950
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.59
    days = 925
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.74
    days = 974
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.63
    days = 1000
    random_days = 15
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.54
    days = 1150
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.62
    days = 1214
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.71
    days = 1308
    random_days = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.75
    days = 1408
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.78
    days = 1214
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.79
    days = 1125
    random_days = 60
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.80
    days = 765
    random_days = 25
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.81
    days = 800
    random_days = 50
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.86
    days = 600
    random_days = 30
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.92
    days = 1089
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine.104
    days = 1370
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.110
    days = 1095
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.116
    days = 806
    random_days = 15
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_republican.147
    days = 1340
    random_days = 20
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_lun.23
    days = 730
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_lun.24
    days = 850
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_lun.25
    days = 1035
    
}
country_event = {
    id = ukraine_lun.26
    days = 1035
    
}
recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_skoropadskyi
recruit_character = UKR_isaak_mazepa
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_shulhyn
recruit_character = UKR_symon_petliura
recruit_character = UKR_danylo_skoropadskyi
recruit_character = UKR_vlas_chubar
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_shumskyi
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_vynnychenko
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_doroshenko
activate_advisor = UKR_dmytro_doroshenko_sic
recruit_character = UKR_borys_martos
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_stsiborskyi
recruit_character = UKR_wilhelm_franz_von_habsburg
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_dolenko
recruit_character = UKR_nykyfir_hryhoriiv
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_omelianovych_pavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_kostiantyn_prisovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_yevhen_konovalets
recruit_character = UKR_andrii_melnyk
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_kapustianskyi
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_poltavets_ostrianytsia
recruit_character = UKR_omelian_volokh
recruit_character = UKR_yurii_tiutiunnyk
recruit_character = UKR_vsevolod_petriv
recruit_character = UKR_marko_bezruchko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_udovychenko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_zahrodskyi
recruit_character = UKR_leonid_stupnytskyi
recruit_character = UKR_roman_dashkevych
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_fylonovych
recruit_character = UKR_petro_diachenko
recruit_character = UKR_oleksii_fedorov
recruit_character = UKR_andrii_pokrovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_sviatoslav_shramchenko
recruit_character = UKR_yurii_svirskyi
recruit_character = UKR_borys_homzyn
recruit_character = UKR_serhii_shemet
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_mikhnovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_ihor_kistiakovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_korostovets
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_shapoval
recruit_character = UKR_viacheslav_prokopovych
recruit_character = UKR_andrii_nikovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_opanas_fedenko
recruit_character = UKR_levko_kovaliv
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_poloz
recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_khrystiuk
recruit_character = UKR_andrii_khvylia
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_chekhivskyi
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_romanchenko
recruit_character = UKR_the_soim
recruit_character = UKR_maik_yokhansen
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_kochubei
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_and_fedir_tereshchenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_khvyliovyi
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_volobuiev
recruit_character = UKR_hryhorii_hrynko
recruit_character = UKR_yurii_lypa
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_dovzhenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_hrushevskyi
recruit_character = UKR_zinaida_mirna
recruit_character = UKR_olena_stepaniv
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_lytvynenko
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_kochubei
recruit_character = UKR_metropolitan_vasyl
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_kovalevskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleh_olzhych_and_olena_teliha
recruit_character = UKR_andrii_livytskyi
recruit_character = UKR_yakiv_moraleyvch
recruit_character = UKR_anatolii_pisotskyi
recruit_character = UKR_arnold_margolin
recruit_character = UKR_asan_sabri_aivazov
recruit_character = UKR_ahatanhel_krymskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_skoropys_yoltukhovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_solomon_goldelman
recruit_character = UKR_stepan_tymoshenko
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_dontsov
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_hrekiv
recruit_character = UKR_andrii_hulyi_hulenko
recruit_character = UKR_petro_bolbochan
recruit_character = UKR_fedosii_shchus
recruit_character = UKR_pavlo_shandruk
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_salskyi
recruit_character = UKR_mykola_maksymiv
recruit_character = UKR_serhii_rudenko
recruit_character = UKR_vsevolod_zmiienko
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_tiutiunnyk
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_kedrovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_dzhambulat_kanukov
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_pavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_murashko
recruit_character = UKR_borys_huber
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_hadd
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_savchenko_bilskyi
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_bilynskyi
recruit_character = UKR_yurii_otmarshtain
recruit_character = UKR_ivan_cherniakhovskyi
recruit_character = UKR_serhii_koroliov
recruit_character = UKR_kyrylo_moskalenko
recruit_character = UKR_rostyslav_bereziuk_voloshyn
recruit_character = UKR_serhii_yefremov
UKR_pavlo_skoropadskyi = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
UKR_danylo_skoropadskyi = {
    set_character_flag = is_monarch
    
}
UKR_symon_petliura = {
    retire = yes
    
}
UKR_yurii_tiutiunnyk = {
    retire = yes
    
}
UKR_oleksandr_udovychenko = {
    retire = yes
    
}
UKR_oleksii_fedorov = {
    retire = yes
    
}
UKR_omelian_volokh = {
    retire = yes
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_landreform_time = 730
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industrialision_time = 730
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_land_reform_score = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_remove_cost = 120
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_landreform_cost = 75
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_loan_counter = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industrial_score = 0
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_infra_cost = 25
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_cost = 50
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_cost_high = 80
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_remove_cost_1 = 60
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_remove_cost_2 = 70
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_remove_cost_3 = 90
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_remove_cost_4 = 120
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_remove_cost_5 = 250
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industry_remove_cost_6 = 350
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_industrial_process = 36
    
}
set_variable = {
    UKR_GER_loan = 80
    
}
137 = {
    add_dynamic_modifier = {
        modifier = UKR_crimean_autonomy
        
    }
    
}
ROOT = {
    80 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    89 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    91 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    73 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    95 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    194 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    1088 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 73.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 80.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 89.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 91.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 95.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 194.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 218.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 220.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 234.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 240.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 260.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 1006.id
    
}
add_to_array = {
    UKR_claims_array = 1088.id
    
}
for_each_scope_loop = {
    array = UKR_claims_array
    set_state_flag = UKR_claim_state
    
}
