capital = 206
oob = "WHR"
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_war_support = 0.1
set_cosmetic_tag = WHR_GER
starting_train_buffer = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    infantry_weapons1 = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_trucks = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank_chassis = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_nsb = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        gwtank = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = yes
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        aa_lmg = 1
        engines_1 = 1
        aircraft_construction = 1
        iw_small_airframe = 1
        
    }
    
}
if = {
    limit = {
        has_dlc_bba = no
        
    }
    set_technology = {
        early_fighter = 1
        
    }
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrpol.2
    days = 14
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.10
    days = 420
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.11
    days = 257
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.12
    days = 452
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.13
    days = 1100
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.14
    days = 1225
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.15
    days = 2281
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.16
    days = 480
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.17
    days = 1771
    
}
country_event = {
    id = whrmisc.18
    days = 2629
    
}
RUS = {
    country_event = {
        id = whrmisc.23
        days = 1492
        
    }
    
}
set_variable = {
    WHR_Land_Reform_Success = 40
    
}
set_variable = {
    WHR_Land_Reform_Popularity = 50
    
}
GER = {
    set_autonomy = {
        target = WHR
        autonomy_state = oststaat
        
    }
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_democrat
    last_election = "1935.12.10"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = yes
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 3
    radical_socialist = 12
    syndicalist = 4
    social_democrat = 38
    social_liberal = 3
    market_liberal = 12
    social_conservative = 7
    authoritarian_democrat = 7
    paternal_autocrat = 4
    national_populist = 10
    
}
add_ideas = {
    WHR_mass_illiteracy
    WHR_agrarian_society
    WHR_weak_national_identity
    WHR_Jewish_Bund_idea
    limited_conscription
    
}
ROOT = {
    96 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    97 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    241 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    243 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    755 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    997 = {
        enable_state_integration_50_compliance = yes
        
    }
    93 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    242 = {
        enable_state_integration_80_compliance = yes
        
    }
    
}
recruit_character = WHR_usievalad_ihnatouski
recruit_character = WHR_tamas_hryb
recruit_character = WHR_branislau_taraskievic
recruit_character = WHR_mikola_abramcyk
recruit_character = WHR_adam_stankievic
recruit_character = WHR_radaslau_astrouski
recruit_character = WHR_vaclau_lastouski
recruit_character = WHR_werner_kempf
recruit_character = WHR_kanstancin_jezavitau
recruit_character = WHR_timokh_khvedashchenya
recruit_character = WHR_vital_kazlou
recruit_character = WHR_mikalaj_janicki
recruit_character = WHR_paval_vent
recruit_character = WHR_francisak_kusal
recruit_character = WHR_hasan_kanapatski
recruit_character = WHR_jan_sierada
recruit_character = WHR_anton_lutskievic
recruit_character = WHR_dmitry_pryshchepau
recruit_character = WHR_symon_kandybovic
recruit_character = WHR_paluta_badunova
recruit_character = WHR_jazep_lesik
recruit_character = WHR_jan_stankievic
recruit_character = WHR_vaclau_ivanouski
recruit_character = WHR_raman_skirmunt
recruit_character = WHR_jewish_bund
recruit_character = WHR_vasily_korzh
recruit_character = WHR_anton_ausianik
recruit_character = WHR_hieorhij_khalasciakou
recruit_character = WHR_michal_vituska
recruit_character = WHR_belvaiskrada
