capital = 604
oob = "XSM"
set_research_slots = 2
set_country_flag = XSM_lin_rules_qinghai
set_country_flag = XSM_hongbin_rules_ningxia
set_country_flag = XSM_hongkui_rules_gansu
set_variable = {
    var = XSM_lin_qinghai_control
    value = 58
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = XSM_bufang_qinghai_control
    value = 42
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = XSM_hongkui_ningxia_control
    value = 33
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = XSM_hongbin_ningxia_control
    value = 67
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = XSM_hongkui_gansu_control
    value = 71
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = XSM_hongbin_gansu_control
    value = 29
    
}
set_variable = {
    var = yushu_control
    value = 60
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = arms_factory
    level = 1
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = industrial_complex
    level = 3
    
}
country_event = {
    id = mac.1
    days = 1
    
}
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_guerilla_warfare = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.35
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 26
    authoritarian_democrat = 17
    paternal_autocrat = 45
    national_populist = 12
    
}
add_ideas = {
    limited_conscription
    XSM_destruction_gansu
    XSM_dispersed_society
    XSM_han_hui_divide
    
}
recruit_character = XSM_liu_zhidan
recruit_character = XSM_ma_lin
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hongbin
recruit_character = XSM_ma_fuxiang
recruit_character = XSM_ma_bufang
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hongkui
recruit_character = XSM_ma_biao
recruit_character = XSM_ma_dunjing
recruit_character = XSM_ma_zhongying
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hushan
recruit_character = XSM_ma_jiyuan
recruit_character = XSM_ma_buqing
recruit_character = XSM_han_youwen
recruit_character = XSM_ma_bukang
recruit_character = XSM_yang_zuorong
recruit_character = XSM_ma_liang
recruit_character = XSM_hu_songshan
recruit_character = XSM_ma_burong
recruit_character = XSM_ma_xiantu
recruit_character = XSM_tien_chung_chin
recruit_character = XSM_zhou_zhikai
