capital = 325
oob = "YUN"
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.4
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    tech_support = 1
    tech_mountaineers = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    gw_artillery = 1
    early_fighter = 1
    basic_train = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    transport_plane1 = 1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 1
    radical_socialist = 1
    syndicalist = 1
    social_democrat = 4
    social_liberal = 16
    market_liberal = 6
    social_conservative = 12
    authoritarian_democrat = 15
    paternal_autocrat = 43
    national_populist = 1
    
}
add_ideas = {
    partial_economic_mobilisation
    volunteer_only
    YUN_Tangs_rule
    YUN_opium_exports
    YUN_starting_army_idea
    YUN_AOG_tin_control_over_us
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = industrial_complex
    level = 9
    
}
add_offsite_building = {
    type = arms_factory
    level = 2
    
}
country_event = {
    id = yun.1
    days = 1
    
}
country_event = {
    id = yun.335
    months = 53
    
}
recruit_character = YUN_wang_fusheng
recruit_character = YUN_li_xin
recruit_character = YUN_zhao_xingwu
recruit_character = YUN_zhu_de
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_bojun
recruit_character = YUN_miao_yuntai
recruit_character = YUN_gong_shou
recruit_character = YUN_tang_jiyao
recruit_character = YUN_tang_jiyu
activate_advisor = YUN_tang_jiyu_sic
recruit_character = YUN_liu_angong
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_chong
recruit_character = YUN_sun_du
recruit_character = YUN_gu_zhenglun
recruit_character = YUN_li_peitian
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_weihan
recruit_character = YUN_tao_hongtao
recruit_character = YUN_chen_jun
recruit_character = YUN_naval_council
recruit_character = YUN_liu_peiquan
recruit_character = YUN_wang_shuming
recruit_character = YUN_yan_yucong
recruit_character = YUN_dai_jitao
recruit_character = YUN_yang_yongtai
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_qun
recruit_character = YUN_lu_chongren
recruit_character = YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = YUN_hu_ruoyu
recruit_character = YUN_zhu_peide
recruit_character = YUN_lu_han
recruit_character = YUN_tang_huaiyuan
recruit_character = YUN_fan_shisheng
recruit_character = YUN_yang_jie
recruit_character = YUN_jin_handing
recruit_character = YUN_luo_binghui
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_lingfu
recruit_character = YUN_zhou_baozhong
recruit_character = YUN_zeng_zesheng
recruit_character = YUN_sun_yuanliang
recruit_character = YUN_he_yingqin
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = YUN_long_yun
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = YUN_long_yun_target
    
}
random_character = {
    limit = {
        is_character = YUN_he_yingqin
        
    }
    save_global_event_target_as = YUN_he_yingqin_target
    
}
