capital = 545
set_research_slots = 3
set_technology = {
    infantry_weapons = 1
    camo = 1
    etax_doctrine = 1
    r56_militia_tech = 1
    
}
set_politics = {
    ruling_party = social_liberal
    last_election = "1888.6.15"
    election_frequency = 48
    elections_allowed = no
    
}
add_ideas = {
    war_economy
    limited_exports
    ZIM_segregation_3
    
}
set_variable = {
    ZIM_segregation_idea = token:ZIM_segregation_3
    
}
set_popularities = {
    totalist = 0
    radical_socialist = 0
    syndicalist = 0
    social_democrat = 10
    social_liberal = 65
    market_liberal = 23
    social_conservative = 2
    authoritarian_democrat = 0
    paternal_autocrat = 0
    national_populist = 0
    
}
activate_targeted_decision = {
    target = THIS
    decision = SAF_develop_rhodesia_steel_mines
    
}
recruit_character = ZIM_masotsha_ndlovu
recruit_character = ZIM_charles_mzingeli
recruit_character = ZIM_harry_davies
recruit_character = ZIM_thomas_nangle
recruit_character = ZIM_percy_fynn
recruit_character = ZIM_ernest_lucas_guest
recruit_character = ZIM_godfrey_martin_huggins
recruit_character = ZIM_hendrik_verwoerd
recruit_character = ZIM_herbert_james_stanley
recruit_character = ZIM_lawrence_keller
recruit_character = ZIM_george_walker
recruit_character = ZIM_hugh_williams
recruit_character = ZIM_otilia_liebermann
recruit_character = ZIM_james_cowden
recruit_character = ZIM_george_mitchell
recruit_character = ZIM_allan_ross_welsh
recruit_character = ZIM_william_winterton
recruit_character = ZIM_john_de_lisle_thompson
recruit_character = ZIM_william_eric_campbell_tait
recruit_character = ZIM_john_sidney_morris
recruit_character = ZIM_charles_warburton_meredith
recruit_character = ZIM_john_ellis_ross
recruit_character = ZIM_british_south_africa_police
ZIM_godfrey_martin_huggins = {
    set_nationality = SAF
    
}
ZIM_william_eric_campbell_tait = {
    retire = yes
    
}
